,name,text,key_comment,text_length,review_count
0,Secret Pizza,"The pizza was okay. Not the best I've had. I prefer Biaggio's on Flamingo / Fort Apache. The chef there can make a MUCH better NY style pizza. The pizzeria @ Cosmo was over priced for the quality and lack of personality in the food. Biaggio's is a much better pick if youre going for italian - family owned, home made recipes, people that actually CARE if you like their food. You dont get that at a pizzeria in a casino. I dont care what you say...","['the pizza was okay.', ""not the best i've had."", ""i prefer biaggio's on flamingo / fort apache."", 'the chef there can make a much better ny style pizza.', 'the pizzeria @ cosmo was over priced for the quality and lack of personality in the food.', ""biaggio's is a much better pick if youre going for italian - family owned, home made recipes, people that actually care if you like their food."", 'you dont get that at a pizzeria in a casino.', 'i dont care what you say...']",8,4078
1,Leticia's Mexican Cocina,I love this place! My fiance And I go here atleast once a week. The portions are huge! Food is amazing. I love their carne asada. They have great lunch specials... Leticia is super nice and cares about what you think of her restaurant. You have to try their cheese enchiladas too the sauce is different And amazing!!!,"['i love this place!', 'my fiance and i go here atleast once a week.', 'the portions are huge!', 'food is amazing.', 'i love their carne asada.', 'they have great lunch specials... leticia is super nice and cares about what you think of her restaurant.', 'you have to try their cheese enchiladas too the sauce is different and amazing!!', '!']",8,1125
2,H&H BBQ Plus 2,Terrible. Dry corn bread. Rib tips were all fat and mushy and had no flavor. If you want bbq in this neighborhood go to john mulls roadkill grill. Trust me.,"['terrible.', 'dry corn bread.', 'rib tips were all fat and mushy and had no flavor.', 'if you want bbq in this neighborhood go to john mulls roadkill grill.', 'trust me.']",5,115
3,Pin Kaow Thai Restaurant,"Back in 2005-2007 this place was my FAVORITE thai place EVER. I'd go here ALLLLL the time. I never had any complaints. Once they started to get more known and got busy, their service started to suck and their portion sizes got cut in half. I have a huge problem with paying MORE for way less food. The last time I went there I had the Pork Pad se Ew and it tasted good, but I finished my plate and was still hungry. I used to know the manager here and she would greet me with a ""Hello Melissa, nice to see you again, diet coke & pad thai or pad se ew?"" Now a days, I know she still knows me but she disregards my presence. Also, I had asked her what was up with the new portion sizes and she had no answer for me. Great food but not worth the money. I havent been back in over a year because I refuse to pay $10-15 for dinner and still be hungry after. Sorry PinKaow, you are not what you used to be!!","['back in 2005-2007 this place was my favorite thai place ever.', ""i'd go here alllll the time."", 'i never had any complaints.', 'once they started to get more known and got busy, their service started to suck and their portion sizes got cut in half.', 'i have a huge problem with paying more for way less food.', 'also, i had asked her what was up with the new portion sizes and she had no answer for me.', 'great food but not worth the money.', 'i havent been back in over a year because i refuse to pay $10-15 for dinner and still be hungry after.', 'sorry pinkaow, you are not what you used to be!', '!']",13,601
4,Braddah's Island Style,Delicious healthy food. The steak is amazing. Fish and pork are awesome too. Service is above and beyond. Not a bad thing to say about this place. Worth every penny!,"['delicious healthy food.', 'the steak is amazing.', 'fish and pork are awesome too.', 'service is above and beyond.', 'not a bad thing to say about this place.', 'worth every penny!']",6,241
5,Larry's Hideaway,"This place sucks. The customer service is horrible. They dont serve food unless you order a pizza from a neighboring restaurant. Who does that? They dont control their crowd. Many times I've gone I've seen fights. The bartenders suck - I've almost got in a fight with one because she was a complete bitch. Refused to serve me a drink because she was ""busy"" celebrating her friends birthday BEHIND THE BAR. This place is ridiculous. I will NEVER go there again.. EVER.","['this place sucks.', 'the customer service is horrible.', 'they dont serve food unless you order a pizza from a neighboring restaurant.', 'who does that?', 'they dont control their crowd.', ""many times i've gone i've seen fights."", ""the bartenders suck - i've almost got in a fight with one because she was a complete bitch."", 'refused to serve me a drink because she was ""busy"" celebrating her friends birthday behind the bar.', 'this place is ridiculous.', 'i will never go there again.. ever.']",10,8
6,Thai Original BBQ Restaurant,"If you like Thai food, you have to try the original thai bbq. Their pad se ew is to DIE for. Their thai egg rolls are delicious. Basil beef will not let you down (its not on the menu anymore, you have to ask for it!) 

Yes, the building is not as fancy as some other places. Yes, i've batted a fly off my plate more than once. Yes, I do NOT go to the bathroom their because I dont even WANT to know what it looks like... 

BUT.. the thai food is the best in town. The service rocks. And you can get a $25 gift cert. on Restaurant.com for $2. Can you beat that? I think NOT.

This is the only place my husband and I go for anniversarys, date nights, birthdays.. anything!! I recommend it to everyone I know. If you KNOW good thai food, go here.","['if you like thai food, you have to try the original thai bbq.', 'their pad se ew is to die for.', 'their thai egg rolls are delicious.', 'anything!!', 'i recommend it to everyone i know.', 'if you know good thai food, go here.']",16,87
7,KoMex Fusion,"AMAZING!!!

 I was referred here by a friend and at first thought ""Korean and Mexican?? WEIRD... i dont know""... but my husband and I were in the area and thought why not, lets try it... after my friend had nothing but great things to say about this place. We tried the chimichanga and it was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING.... We actually did 1/2 chicken 1/2 beef (have you EVER been to a place that will make a burrito half and half? i havent!) The meat has fantastic flavor. I'm not a beef girl but i'd order a whole plate of their beef - its that good. The chimichanga was HUGE enough for both of us to share it (and my husband also had a beef taco which also was delicious) and we were FULL and it was $11 total with drinks. YOu cant beat that.

THe service was great. The server was so nice and attentive- you could tell she was the owner. 

The only thing I'd change is their chips they serve. They were burnt, too thick and kind of bland but their salsa is great. And lets face it, i'm fat so I we ate two baskets anyway so they cant be that bad. lol

All in all, food was delicious, A LOT of food for cheap, great prices, great service great flavor. Hell even my burps taste delicious. Bahaha!","['amazing!!!', 'i was referred here by a friend and at first thought ""korean and mexican??', 'weird... i dont know""... but my husband and i were in the area and thought why not, lets try it... after my friend had nothing but great things to say about this place.', 'lol  all in all, food was delicious, a lot of food for cheap, great prices, great service great flavor.', 'hell even my burps taste delicious.', 'bahaha!']",17,1214
8,"Ellis Island Hotel, Casino & Brewery","Ribs = amazing
2 hour wait time= not so amazing, but understandable. 

This place would get 5 stars if they expanded their BBQ restaurant. Their ribs are AMAZING. You get SO much food for the price and it tastes sooo good. Plus, the two hour wait isnt always a bad thing because it gives you an excuse to drink and gamble while you wait!","['ribs = amazing 2 hour wait time= not so amazing, but understandable.', 'this place would get 5 stars if they expanded their bbq restaurant.', 'their ribs are amazing.', 'you get so much food for the price and it tastes sooo good.', 'plus, the two hour wait isnt always a bad thing because it gives you an excuse to drink and gamble while you wait!']",5,2087
9,Beach Cafe,"Food is pretty good, not gonna lie. BUT you have to make sacrifices if you choose to eat there. It literally takes an hour to an hour and a half to deliver food. Seriously. EVERY SINGLE TIME. Doesnt matter if we order at 8am, 10am or 1pm. Never fails, they take F-O-R-E-V-E-R. If you dont get what you ordered or you are upset by them delivering your breakfast around LUNCH time, be ready to have the owner talk down to you and be a total bitch to you for i dont know, just wanting what you pay for?! 

Its over priced. But its decently tasteful food. Takes forever. Owners a witch. And i'm pretty sure that they continuing forget to pack my extra ranch just to piss me off. 

End Rant. 

PS- I've never gone in there to eat because i frankly, i'd rather tip the nice delivery driver then the ignorant imbeciles that work in the dining area. 

PPS- My hot chocolate today was cold. They should call it Cold Chocolate. Or start caring if their hot chocolate is hot. One of the two would be great!","['food is pretty good, not gonna lie.', 'but you have to make sacrifices if you choose to eat there.', 'it literally takes an hour to an hour and a half to deliver food.', 'they should call it cold chocolate.', 'or start caring if their hot chocolate is hot.', 'one of the two would be great!']",18,280
10,National Car Rental,I have been an Emerald Club member for a number of years.  I have always been very satisfied with their vehicles and customer service.  This recent visit to Pittsburgh was no exception.,"['i have been an emerald club member for a number of years.', 'i have always been very satisfied with their vehicles and customer service.', 'this recent visit to pittsburgh was no exception.']",3,49
11,Biryani House,The score should be negative. Its HORRIBLE. The have like 6-7 items in their buffet. No naans or salad. The items were either bland or stale. My friend had a potato curry which was completely stale without salt. The biriyani was okayish but bland. Would never recommend to anyone.,"['the score should be negative.', 'its horrible.', 'the have like 6-7 items in their buffet.', 'no naans or salad.', 'the items were either bland or stale.', 'my friend had a potato curry which was completely stale without salt.', 'the biriyani was okayish but bland.', 'would never recommend to anyone.']",8,26
12,Supercuts,I went there twice and I am pretty happy with my haircut. The people are  really friendly. Would definitely go again.,"['i went there twice and i am pretty happy with my haircut.', 'the people are  really friendly.', 'would definitely go again.']",3,39
13,Binh Beauty Salon,"Great for the price, only $25 for long hair! Was hesitant about dry cut but it turned out good!","['great for the price, only $25 for long hair!', 'was hesitant about dry cut but it turned out good!']",2,32
14,Sansotei Ramen,"Sansotei serves some top notch ramen. They take no reservations, so my company of five had to wait outside for about half an hour. I guess it's normal for Saturday night. Unlike my favorite ramen place in NYC you can only order what's on a menu. No deviations or improvisations whatsoever. Our waitress didn't speak much English, and even after writing everything down still managed to make a mistake or two. But, my spicy sesame ramen called Tan Tan was exceptional. I can tell you that. Just the right thickness of broth, and taste - omg.","['sansotei serves some top notch ramen.', 'they take no reservations, so my company of five had to wait outside for about half an hour.', ""i guess it's normal for saturday night."", ""unlike my favorite ramen place in nyc you can only order what's on a menu."", 'no deviations or improvisations whatsoever.', ""our waitress didn't speak much english, and even after writing everything down still managed to make a mistake or two."", 'but, my spicy sesame ramen called tan tan was exceptional.', 'i can tell you that.', 'just the right thickness of broth, and taste - omg.']",9,762
15,Bruegger's Bagels,"Of the several places to get bagels in Oakland, these bagels are the best. Really fresh and tasty and they taste homemade.

However, I wasn't crazy about their bagel and egg sandwiches.","['of the several places to get bagels in oakland, these bagels are the best.', 'really fresh and tasty and they taste homemade.', ""however, i wasn't crazy about their bagel and egg sandwiches.""]",3,34
16,Redhawk Coffee,"Cool little place, nice atmosphere and staff. Great coffee too, go check em out!","['cool little place, nice atmosphere and staff.', 'great coffee too, go check em out!']",2,107
17,Caffe Mona La Bistro,"Delicious, friendly staff, cool atmosphere, all around great experience! They have a pretty great selection of crepes and omelettes, among other things. I enjoyed the Cherry Omelette (cherry tomatoes, swiss cheese, potato slices, and bacon) which was pretty big and cooked perfectly! Nice side salad and bread as well. Coffee was great and our server was warm and polite. Would recommend!","['delicious, friendly staff, cool atmosphere, all around great experience!', 'they have a pretty great selection of crepes and omelettes, among other things.', 'i enjoyed the cherry omelette (cherry tomatoes, swiss cheese, potato slices, and bacon) which was pretty big and cooked perfectly!', 'nice side salad and bread as well.', 'coffee was great and our server was warm and polite.', 'would recommend!']",6,217
18,Hair by G & E,"Great haircut, cool atmosphere, and really nice people! The price is fair and he is very thorough. Really listens to what you want. Also, I recommend calling ahead to see if it is busy. Worked for me!","['great haircut, cool atmosphere, and really nice people!', 'the price is fair and he is very thorough.', 'really listens to what you want.', 'also, i recommend calling ahead to see if it is busy.', 'worked for me!']",5,35
19,Don Ruben's,Finally! After trying many Mexican restaurants all thru Phoenix & Scottsdale we found an authentic Mexican restaurant that was AMAZING! Fresh tortilla chip & salsa ready and waiting at the table when we sat down. Food was incredible! I ordered the combo with a beef tamale with red sauce & chicken enchilada. Both were full of meat from beginning to end & had so much flavor! Highly recommend this place,"['finally!', 'after trying many mexican restaurants all thru phoenix & scottsdale we found an authentic mexican restaurant that was amazing!', 'fresh tortilla chip & salsa ready and waiting at the table when we sat down.', 'food was incredible!', 'i ordered the combo with a beef tamale with red sauce & chicken enchilada.', 'both were full of meat from beginning to end & had so much flavor!', 'highly recommend this place']",7,271
20,Eggstasy,"One of the best breakfast places I've been to! The menu had so many options, above & beyond your typical breakfast choices. Portions were HUGE and everything was delicious & so fresh! Will definitely be back & highly recommend!","[""one of the best breakfast places i've been to!"", 'the menu had so many options, above & beyond your typical breakfast choices.', 'portions were huge and everything was delicious & so fresh!', 'will definitely be back & highly recommend!']",4,610
21,Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles,"Food was alright, the service was HORRIBLE! Both of our orders came out incorrect after waiting extremely long because they don't write anything down when they take the orders. I asked for greens at the end she confirmed did you say grits? I said no greens please.. still ended up with grits. Boyfriends whole order came out wrong and when they brought him back the right order pretty sure they brought out my grits they took back 5 min before from my wrong order and gave them to him. Waitress came back and just set the plate down and walked off. No sorry about that, does it look right now, do you need anything else.. just straight nothing. Never came by our whole meal to check on us.","['food was alright, the service was horrible!', ""both of our orders came out incorrect after waiting extremely long because they don't write anything down when they take the orders."", 'i asked for greens at the end she confirmed did you say grits?', 'i said no greens please.. still ended up with grits.', 'boyfriends whole order came out wrong and when they brought him back the right order pretty sure they brought out my grits they took back 5 min before from my wrong order and gave them to him.', 'waitress came back and just set the plate down and walked off.', 'no sorry about that, does it look right now, do you need anything else.. just straight nothing.', 'never came by our whole meal to check on us.']",8,713
22,Bobby Q,"DELICIOUS! forgot to take a before picture but as you can see it was amazing. We got 2 kinds of ribs, brisket & chicken and literally every single one fell straight off the bone! Sides were all good. Cornbread before & sugar donuts after. Will definitely be back.","['delicious!', 'forgot to take a before picture but as you can see it was amazing.', 'we got 2 kinds of ribs, brisket & chicken and literally every single one fell straight off the bone!', 'sides were all good.', 'cornbread before & sugar donuts after.', 'will definitely be back.']",6,2267
23,OMNIA Nightclub,"If I could leave zero stars I would. This rude B at the door with the fake lashes and colored lens was super rude. We had entered the club earlier and upon leaving the guy at the door told us we could come back later for the show. But when we came back, one man let us through up to the door, but the B there said there was no re-entry. She then proceeded to tell us that we could talk to ""the guy by the exit"". Okay. Well FYI, if you've never been to a venue, you don't know exactly where everything is. We walked away and looked around and weren't sure where she was referring to so we went back and asked where the exit was. She rudely responded, ""I SAID. Go see the guy by the exit OVER THERE.""  Felicia. 

Basically everyone was rude. Not coming back.","['if i could leave zero stars i would.', 'this rude b at the door with the fake lashes and colored lens was super rude.', 'we had entered the club earlier and upon leaving the guy at the door told us we could come back later for the show.', 'but when we came back, one man let us through up to the door, but the b there said there was no re-entry.', 'she then proceeded to tell us that we could talk to ""the guy by the exit"".', 'she rudely responded, ""i said.', 'go see the guy by the exit over there.""', 'felicia.', 'basically everyone was rude.', 'not coming back.']",13,1030
24,Affordable Tree Service,"Removed several pine trees from our house in Henderson, NV.  Ground the stumps to below ground level.  Quote, execution and billing all very professional.  Loved ability to pay bill from email invoice.  Will use again.","['removed several pine trees from our house in henderson, nv.', 'ground the stumps to below ground level.', 'quote, execution and billing all very professional.', 'loved ability to pay bill from email invoice.', 'will use again.']",5,184
25,Fractured Prune Doughnuts,I have to write a review on the Fractured Prune. First off I love doughnuts second I used to work in a bakery. So I know a little about the almighty doughnut. I was there this past Thursday night at Westgate where I was having a nice dinner at Opah Life. I wanted a little desert so I went to this doughnut shop it seemed clean enough so I made my selections and took them home. Mistake should have eaten one there I would have ask for my money back. I took a bite out of each on to confirm what I thought they were the worst doughnuts I have ever had. Horrible not sure if the oils was rancid or not hot enough either way eat at your own risk.,"['i have to write a review on the fractured prune.', 'first off i love doughnuts second i used to work in a bakery.', 'so i know a little about the almighty doughnut.', 'i was there this past thursday night at westgate where i was having a nice dinner at opah life.', 'i wanted a little desert so i went to this doughnut shop it seemed clean enough so i made my selections and took them home.', 'mistake should have eaten one there i would have ask for my money back.', 'i took a bite out of each on to confirm what i thought they were the worst doughnuts i have ever had.', 'horrible not sure if the oils was rancid or not hot enough either way eat at your own risk.']",8,217
26,Slick's Garage,I wish i could tell you all about the food but there was problem. My friend and went there for dinner we were seated quickly unfortunately it was in middle of the empty dinning room so we asked to be moved to the side which we were. Upon sitting down we were told we could only have one of the very small table tops there were two together so the hostess told us the manager said we couldn't use two table tops in the empty restaurant. So we got up and left. With the manager chasing us blaming the hostess for the the ridiculous action. Needles to say we will never return.,"['i wish i could tell you all about the food but there was problem.', 'my friend and went there for dinner we were seated quickly unfortunately it was in middle of the empty dinning room so we asked to be moved to the side which we were.', ""upon sitting down we were told we could only have one of the very small table tops there were two together so the hostess told us the manager said we couldn't use two table tops in the empty restaurant."", 'so we got up and left.', 'with the manager chasing us blaming the hostess for the the ridiculous action.', 'needles to say we will never return.']",6,254
27,521 BBQ & Grill,Wonderful! One of my favorite places. BBQ is expertly cooked and service is always prompt. The price is right.,"['wonderful!', 'one of my favorite places.', 'bbq is expertly cooked and service is always prompt.', 'the price is right.']",4,151
28,Potbelly Sandwich Shop,The price is about the same as Quizinos. The sandwich was great! They have a live musician so it is kind of loud. It was a good experience.,"['the price is about the same as quizinos.', 'the sandwich was great!', 'they have a live musician so it is kind of loud.', 'it was a good experience.']",4,35
29,Meatheads,The food was ok. You get a lot of food for the price. There is bot a lot of seating.,"['the food was ok. you get a lot of food for the price.', 'there is bot a lot of seating.']",2,153
30,Red Lobster,The staff were friendly and helpful. The food was fabulous. Our whole experience was awesome!,"['the staff were friendly and helpful.', 'the food was fabulous.', 'our whole experience was awesome!']",3,52
31,The Pottery Place,The staff were very helpful. We painted pottery which took about 2 hours. It was a lot of fun and we received our pottery with in 3 days.,"['the staff were very helpful.', 'we painted pottery which took about 2 hours.', 'it was a lot of fun and we received our pottery with in 3 days.']",3,9
32,True Burger,Limited vegetarian options. Ordered Greek salad but it was sub-par and priced at a ridiculous (almost) thirteen dollars. Will be skipping this joint when traveling through this airport the next time.,"['limited vegetarian options.', 'ordered greek salad but it was sub-par and priced at a ridiculous (almost) thirteen dollars.', 'will be skipping this joint when traveling through this airport the next time.']",3,67
33,Destiny's Bride,"After gown shopping in Los Angeles and Orange County for 3 months and not having the ""this is the one moment"" I made an appointment at Destiny's Bride.  My mom, my sisters and I were having a girls weekend in Scottsdale and wanted to gown shop for fun.  Residing in southern CA, we weren't planning on purchasing a dress out of state.  The boutique absolutely blew us away and the service was even better! Lisa, the owner, was amazing and it was by far the best customer service and experience out of all the high end shops I visited in CA. 
Lisa is extremely knowledgeable and was able to quickly pick out gowns for my body shape and taste.  She was honest with her opinion and took her time with me.  Photos of me in the gowns were allowed which I loved because this was not an option in Los Angeles.  
I found ""the one"" with Lisa and because we paid that day in full, she offered us a 10% discount!

The shop, selection and customer service were all A+ and I can't wait to return the shop for my fitting and to see Lisa!","['after gown shopping in los angeles and orange county for 3 months and not having the ""this is the one moment"" i made an appointment at destiny\'s bride.', 'my mom, my sisters and i were having a girls weekend in scottsdale and wanted to gown shop for fun.', ""residing in southern ca, we weren't planning on purchasing a dress out of state."", 'the boutique absolutely blew us away and the service was even better!', 'lisa, the owner, was amazing and it was by far the best customer service and experience out of all the high end shops i visited in ca.', 'lisa is extremely knowledgeable and was able to quickly pick out gowns for my body shape and taste.', 'she was honest with her opinion and took her time with me.', 'photos of me in the gowns were allowed which i loved because this was not an option in los angeles.', 'i found ""the one"" with lisa and because we paid that day in full, she offered us a 10% discount!', ""the shop, selection and customer service were all a+ and i can't wait to return the shop for my fitting and to see lisa!""]",10,48
34,Costco Wholesale,"I shop here mostly because i live in Brampton. Great customer service, well stocked and clean. 
But, beware of parking routes and stupid drivers. Gets hectic at busy times (weekends) so avoid. 'New' Canadian customers are rather rude and ignorant..so i go to Miss. or Vaughan locations when i can. You will notice the difference.","['i shop here mostly because i live in brampton.', 'great customer service, well stocked and clean.', 'but, beware of parking routes and stupid drivers.', 'gets hectic at busy times (weekends) so avoid.', ""'new' canadian customers are rather rude and ignorant..so i go to miss."", 'or vaughan locations when i can.', 'you will notice the difference.']",7,8
35,Robinson Automotive,I trust my vehicles here. Comparable prices. Mike can always give me good advice. Work always done on time...clean. Never had to send back with any problems. My cars run great.,"['i trust my vehicles here.', 'comparable prices.', 'mike can always give me good advice.', 'work always done on time...clean.', 'never had to send back with any problems.', 'my cars run great.']",6,3
36,Lowe's Home Improvement Warehouse,"I really like this store. Very clean, well stocked and organized- every dept! Good signage to find products. They have good deals on sale weeks. Bought a couple of appliances here at same or cheaper price than other stores. Good paint-valspar. Helpful staff. Keep up the good work.
 This place makes Home depot look like a 3rd world country.","['i really like this store.', 'very clean, well stocked and organized- every dept!', 'good signage to find products.', 'they have good deals on sale weeks.', 'bought a couple of appliances here at same or cheaper price than other stores.', 'good paint-valspar.', 'helpful staff.', 'keep up the good work.', 'this place makes home depot look like a 3rd world country.']",9,7
37,That Italian Place Cafe & Eatery,"Best veal sandwich ever ( i like rapini/ garlic top)...pasta, lasagna, chicken...all good. Good service, nice clean place, parking, good food= 5","['best veal sandwich ever ( i like rapini/ garlic top)...pasta, lasagna, chicken...all good.', 'good service, nice clean place, parking, good food= 5']",2,59
38,Aroma Fine Indian Cuisine,"Non-existened service!  The waiter did not even great us and did not listen to me about ordering, so my male companion had to repeat it to him! Then many people different people tossed our food on the table while passing by without any word or an eye contact! Naan bread arrived much later from the soup! Its a shame that such a dreadful worse than a fast food corner restaurant occupies area in the heart of the Toronto's entertainment district! RUN AWAY,  DONT SPEND YOUR MONEY THERE!!","['non-existened service!', 'the waiter did not even great us and did not listen to me about ordering, so my male companion had to repeat it to him!', 'then many people different people tossed our food on the table while passing by without any word or an eye contact!', 'naan bread arrived much later from the soup!', ""its a shame that such a dreadful worse than a fast food corner restaurant occupies area in the heart of the toronto's entertainment district!"", 'run away,  dont spend your money there!', '!']",7,167
39,Little Miss BBQ,"I was in Phoenix on business last week. My PHX based co-workers are frequent visitors and knowing I like BBQ, they took me to here. One word describes the food - amazing. I've had BBQ from a lot of places all over the country and the food here ranked at the top of the list for me. I had the two meat plate - brisket and pulled pork. Both were awesome. If you are in PHX and like BBQ, you have to come here. The line may be long, but it's truly worth the wait.","['i was in phoenix on business last week.', 'my phx based co-workers are frequent visitors and knowing i like bbq, they took me to here.', 'one word describes the food - amazing.', ""i've had bbq from a lot of places all over the country and the food here ranked at the top of the list for me."", 'i had the two meat plate - brisket and pulled pork.', 'both were awesome.', 'if you are in phx and like bbq, you have to come here.', ""the line may be long, but it's truly worth the wait.""]",8,1746
40,Camping World - Concord,This place doesn't even deserve 1 star. Horrible service! The service manager was rude and unprofessional. He shouldn't even have a job after the way he spoke to customers. Marcus Lamonis needs to step in and end this location. Repairs that were suppose to be done never were completed.,"[""this place doesn't even deserve 1 star."", 'horrible service!', 'the service manager was rude and unprofessional.', ""he shouldn't even have a job after the way he spoke to customers."", 'marcus lamonis needs to step in and end this location.', 'repairs that were suppose to be done never were completed.']",6,29
41,Culver's,The butter burger was cooked perfectly and juicy! The ice cream here is the best I've had! This location is very clean and staff was friendly!,"['the butter burger was cooked perfectly and juicy!', ""the ice cream here is the best i've had!"", 'this location is very clean and staff was friendly!']",3,110
42,Bath & Body Works,Best location ever! I love love love the manager Jess. She's super great and always helpful. She always helps me find what I'm looking for and has the best suggestions for gifts. I will drive the half hour out of the way to go to this location!,"['best location ever!', 'i love love love the manager jess.', ""she's super great and always helpful."", ""she always helps me find what i'm looking for and has the best suggestions for gifts."", 'i will drive the half hour out of the way to go to this location!']",5,3
43,Butterfield's Pancake House,"Fab.U.Lous. Best scrambles eggs. Fluffy and tasty. Servings so large teenage athletes had leftovers. Been to Scrambled, US Egg, and we all vote Butterfields. The orange juice is absolutely delicious. Everyone was so nice despite the packed place, and they were fast too. Try it, they won't disappointed.","['fab.u.lous.', 'best scrambles eggs.', 'fluffy and tasty.', 'servings so large teenage athletes had leftovers.', 'been to scrambled, us egg, and we all vote butterfields.', 'the orange juice is absolutely delicious.', 'everyone was so nice despite the packed place, and they were fast too.', ""try it, they won't disappointed.""]",8,812
44,AT&T,"Easy access to the store with ample parking. If you want to be offered services you don't need, and given incorrect promo info, with no assistance on purchas products, this is THE place.

Came here with my son to pick up an online order and to have him look at phones. I got my phone and that was that, no offer to help set it up or tell me about cool features, I had to ask. I could sense the reluctance but my phone was set up, then strong push for Direct TV and a home alarm.

No acknowledgement of my son who was looking at phones, whom I asked (in front of the agent) if he found something (he did). Still no acknowledgement, so we left. Will probably get it online or find a store more willing to help. 

I miss the store inside PV mall. They were a 6 out of 5. Sad they closed.","['easy access to the store with ample parking.', ""if you want to be offered services you don't need, and given incorrect promo info, with no assistance on purchas products, this is the place."", 'came here with my son to pick up an online order and to have him look at phones.', 'i got my phone and that was that, no offer to help set it up or tell me about cool features, i had to ask.', 'i could sense the reluctance but my phone was set up, then strong push for direct tv and a home alarm.', 'no acknowledgement of my son who was looking at phones, whom i asked (in front of the agent) if he found something (he did).', 'still no acknowledgement, so we left.', 'will probably get it online or find a store more willing to help.', 'i miss the store inside pv mall.', 'they were a 6 out of 5. sad they closed.']",10,29
45,Da Vang Restaurant,"Been here 3x and no beef #45, will stop coming; what's the point if it's always out. Take it off the menu since it's never available. Portions getting smaller, prices going up. And the table that came after us got to order first.","[""been here 3x and no beef #45, will stop coming; what's the point if it's always out."", ""take it off the menu since it's never available."", 'portions getting smaller, prices going up.', 'and the table that came after us got to order first.']",4,597
46,WSS,"In case my email didn't work, still giving a 1.  I tried calling but customer service hours from 9-6 M--F.  I'm not the kind of person who spends my work hours on personal phone calls.  Email/msg me the info you need and I can send it over.  I still have a copy of my receipt and should not be jumping through a multitude of hoops for something like this (non error) on my part.","[""in case my email didn't work, still giving a 1.  i tried calling but customer service hours from 9-6 m--f.  i'm not the kind of person who spends my work hours on personal phone calls."", 'email/msg me the info you need and i can send it over.', 'i still have a copy of my receipt and should not be jumping through a multitude of hoops for something like this (non error) on my part.']",3,3
47,FlipSide Entertainment,"Nice place, games for younger kids, bar like feel for adults, missing the mark for teens; we tried hot dogs, burgers, sample platter, a little on the salty side, but otherwise OK.

Come early to avoid crowds/lines.","['nice place, games for younger kids, bar like feel for adults, missing the mark for teens; we tried hot dogs, burgers, sample platter, a little on the salty side, but otherwise ok.  come early to avoid crowds/lines.']",1,131
48,Starbucks,"Despite the long drive thru line, they were really great. Happy to be there and helpful. Super efficient too.  Keep up the positive attitude!  I can see why people come over and wait patiently.","['despite the long drive thru line, they were really great.', 'happy to be there and helpful.', 'super efficient too.', 'keep up the positive attitude!', 'i can see why people come over and wait patiently.']",5,45
49,In-N-Out Burger,"Drive thru: I guess it's opposite day at the drive thru.  Apparently a 'no, thank you' to 'do you want some ketchup' means 17 (I counted) ackets of ketchup for 1 order of fries. Less a star because I'm not a fan of people being wasteful. I know it's just a little thing, but it irks me.","[""drive thru: i guess it's opposite day at the drive thru."", ""apparently a 'no, thank you' to 'do you want some ketchup' means 17 (i counted) ackets of ketchup for 1 order of fries."", ""less a star because i'm not a fan of people being wasteful."", ""i know it's just a little thing, but it irks me.""]",4,149
50,Long Wong's,"Friendliest staff, no matter how swamped they are. Always smiling and gracious. Garlic parm and lemon pepper wings. Mmmmmmmm.

Love the simplicity of the place and the trinkets all over the walls, always discover something new.","['friendliest staff, no matter how swamped they are.', 'always smiling and gracious.', 'garlic parm and lemon pepper wings.', 'mmmmmmmm.', 'love the simplicity of the place and the trinkets all over the walls, always discover something new.']",5,125
51,Harkins Theatres Shea 14,"Prefer the Harkins Theatres over AMC. Camelview for loungers, Tempe Marketplace to people and movie watch, Scottsdale for larger screens, and Shea when I'm feeling nostalgic.

It's very clean, someone is always cleaning or just finished cleaning the rest rooms. No popcorn droppings in the lobby, on the counters or condiment station. Always friendly, smiling faces ready to clean the auditorium after the movie.

The auditoriums don't have stadium seating but there's  and incline and easy to see the screen, chairs are comfortable but not as large as the newer chairs. There's a LOT of leg room. This is where we go when we want to watch a movie and 'travel' back in time to visit a movie theater very similar to the one we went to growing up.","['prefer the harkins theatres over amc.', ""camelview for loungers, tempe marketplace to people and movie watch, scottsdale for larger screens, and shea when i'm feeling nostalgic."", ""it's very clean, someone is always cleaning or just finished cleaning the rest rooms."", 'no popcorn droppings in the lobby, on the counters or condiment station.', 'always friendly, smiling faces ready to clean the auditorium after the movie.', ""the auditoriums don't have stadium seating but there's  and incline and easy to see the screen, chairs are comfortable but not as large as the newer chairs."", ""there's a lot of leg room."", ""this is where we go when we want to watch a movie and 'travel' back in time to visit a movie theater very similar to the one we went to growing up.""]",8,95
52,Jasmine Tokyo,"Overall rating: 2.5 for a 4:30 weekday visit (no one at the bar and 4 tables, including us - mostly parties of 2, like us).

I've decided to count, from entering an establishment to the time our party is spotted to the time we are acknowledged or helped (no, I don't  speed count). This visit, it was 5 before we were spotted and 82 before a hostess came to seat us.

Place was clean, server prompt, nice. Salmon was dry, overcooked. Walnut and tempura shrimp were good but warm/cool, not hot. Liked the tofu and veggies. Fried prawns were tasty. Crab legs? Crab legs, nothing spectacular. The fried rice? Hardened, couldn't pay me to eat it. All the meat dishes, with the exception of almost well done prime rib (not happy that there was no one at the carving station to cut or anyone to call and ask) had an after taste of cough medicine - so did the tapioca, but cake was ok.

Also almost got run over by the hostess while on my way to get food, she was rushing toward the empty side of the restaurant. My response? Smile, and an 'oh, sorry excuse me.' Hers a raised eyebrow that became a frown and a parting huff. Wanna pay over $20 for that plus tax and tip? Go for it lol, I'll pass.","['overall rating: 2.5 for a 4:30 weekday visit (no one at the bar and 4 tables, including us - mostly parties of 2, like us).', ""i've decided to count, from entering an establishment to the time our party is spotted to the time we are acknowledged or helped (no, i don't  speed count)."", 'this visit, it was 5 before we were spotted and 82 before a hostess came to seat us.', 'hers a raised eyebrow that became a frown and a parting huff.', 'wanna pay over $20 for that plus tax and tip?', ""go for it lol, i'll pass.""]",18,369
53,Fry's,"4 because there's this one cashier who, each time rang our purchases up (different weeks) always looked like a mix of anger and unhappiness for customers im general.

Store is clean, but I gotta say...having clothes for sale...somehow... I no longer wanna call it 'fancy frys' it now seems more like...'wannabe walmart.' 

Almost down to a 3 thanks to that, BUT the pharmacy staff....AweSOME! Super courteous and helpful, really great empathy toward each customer. Not an easy task but they are shining stars in my book.","[""4 because there's this one cashier who, each time rang our purchases up (different weeks) always looked like a mix of anger and unhappiness for customers im general."", ""store is clean, but i gotta say...having clothes for sale...somehow... i no longer wanna call it 'fancy frys' it now seems more like...'wannabe walmart.'"", 'almost down to a 3 thanks to that, but the pharmacy staff....awesome!', 'super courteous and helpful, really great empathy toward each customer.', 'not an easy task but they are shining stars in my book.']",5,147
54,Eastwind Sushi & Grill,"2.5 stars. We've come here several times over the past few years and management is always different. This review is for   current management, supposedly 'original' management. 

I like that we no longer have to order and pay at the counter. We usually order calamari or calamari salad, katsu don.  This time the calamari was crispy but bland, the dipping sauce - no, thank you: tasted like mix of wasabi, tartar, and soap. Soy sauce saved the calamari.

Katsu don was super delicious and fresh. I was starving, finished mine and then went into a food coma. 

Staff was pleasant but the lower score is because: the place wasn't super busy (3 other tables, small parties 2-3 per table), and yet when we got there, our table was dirty - wiped away grease streak, 2 pcs of food laying on the table.

This place is closer to me than Tokyo Express...so I guess we'll come back.","['2.5 stars.', ""we've come here several times over the past few years and management is always different."", ""this review is for   current management, supposedly 'original' management."", 'i like that we no longer have to order and pay at the counter.', 'we usually order calamari or calamari salad, katsu don.', 'soy sauce saved the calamari.', 'katsu don was super delicious and fresh.', 'i was starving, finished mine and then went into a food coma.', ""staff was pleasant but the lower score is because: the place wasn't super busy (3 other tables, small parties 2-3 per table), and yet when we got there, our table was dirty - wiped away grease streak, 2 pcs of food laying on the table."", ""this place is closer to me than tokyo express...so i guess we'll come back.""]",11,157
55,Hooters,"Meh. 6 skinny mozzarella sticks for $7. It's an appetizer for and 1 adult and 1 toddler. Wish we just went to Costco to get a whole bag, but my teens were h-anger-y ;) 

Wednesday wings, glad they still have it. Stick with the original. I wouldn't recommend their wing sauce; their garlic parm is nothing compared to Long Wongs or Buffalo Wild Wings.

Fries were bland. The staff...they seemed ""nice"" but...off... 2-3x our server and this dude walked by said ""how's everything going/tasting"" and they kept walking without stopping or even really lookong at our table because each time that happened, one person in our party had an empty drink. They were just going through the smiles and verbal motions without actually...serving.

Would I go back to Hooters? Yes. This one? Neeeevvvaaahhhhhhh, go DOWNTOWN, not here.","['meh.', '6 skinny mozzarella sticks for $7.', ""it's an appetizer for and 1 adult and 1 toddler."", 'wish we just went to costco to get a whole bag, but my teens were h-anger-y ;)   wednesday wings, glad they still have it.', 'stick with the original.', 'they were just going through the smiles and verbal motions without actually...serving.', 'would i go back to hooters?', 'yes.', 'this one?', 'neeeevvvaaahhhhhhh, go downtown, not here.']",13,98
56,Romano's Macaroni Grill,"Happy to be seated promptly on a Friday evening.  5 stars to Deb our waitress who was so pleasant, never let our drinks get low, and so quick to answer our questions.

My princess enjoyed her mac n cheese, the fettuccine was creamy, trio was huge, calamari = tasty. Spaghetti, meatballs and pomodoro were divine.

So why not a perfect rating? While we lucked out with Deb, I'm just not sure how others fared with the people helping them. Usually when we walk into or out of a restaurant, staff smile and say hi, say, ""welcome to..."" or acknowledge patrons in some way shape or form. Yesterday, all 4 of us were greeted with blank stares (again, except Deb).","['happy to be seated promptly on a friday evening.', '5 stars to deb our waitress who was so pleasant, never let our drinks get low, and so quick to answer our questions.', 'my princess enjoyed her mac n cheese, the fettuccine was creamy, trio was huge, calamari = tasty.', 'spaghetti, meatballs and pomodoro were divine.', 'so why not a perfect rating?', ""while we lucked out with deb, i'm just not sure how others fared with the people helping them."", 'usually when we walk into or out of a restaurant, staff smile and say hi, say, ""welcome to..."" or acknowledge patrons in some way shape or form.', 'yesterday, all 4 of us were greeted with blank stares (again, except deb).']",8,122
57,Paradise Valley Burger Company,"Deeeeeeeeeeellllliiiissssshhhhhh!  More than a pleasant surprise, it's a super tasty delight. I expected yummy food and well, this was.....*sigh*.... ahhhhhhhhhhhh.

Regular fries were seasoned so well, burgers juicy, each item we tried had it's own flavor but blended really well together. Fresno chicken tacos....zing creeps up on you, paired with the sweetness of the carnival corn....more aaaahhhhhhs.

And the french toast fries.....OMG so good! Stop reading this and go there already (bring your friends and order different things so you can try it all).","['deeeeeeeeeeellllliiiissssshhhhhh!', ""more than a pleasant surprise, it's a super tasty delight."", 'i expected yummy food and well, this was.....*sigh*.... ahhhhhhhhhhhh.', ""regular fries were seasoned so well, burgers juicy, each item we tried had it's own flavor but blended really well together."", 'fresno chicken tacos....zing creeps up on you, paired with the sweetness of the carnival corn....more aaaahhhhhhs.', 'and the french toast fries.....omg so good!', 'stop reading this and go there already (bring your friends and order different things so you can try it all).']",7,1131
58,Super Dragon,"Been coming here for years, always delicious food, served super fast, no matter how busy.

Service is excellent! Looking for real asian food? Head out to what my family calls, ""Super D.""

Pan fried noodles, salt and pepper pork chop are our faves.","['been coming here for years, always delicious food, served super fast, no matter how busy.', 'service is excellent!', 'looking for real asian food?', 'head out to what my family calls, ""super d.""  pan fried noodles, salt and pepper pork chop are our faves.']",4,170
59,Big 5 Sporting Goods,"More reasonably priced items here. Decent quality products. Good sales. Coupons are a bit confusing. Quite a few of them, but be sure to read the fine print otherwise you may be disappointed when you get to the store. My issue is that I called with the coupon on hand with a question thrying to clarify the exclusions but even the staff could not explain it to me. I do expect more from those who work there.","['more reasonably priced items here.', 'decent quality products.', 'good sales.', 'coupons are a bit confusing.', 'quite a few of them, but be sure to read the fine print otherwise you may be disappointed when you get to the store.', 'my issue is that i called with the coupon on hand with a question thrying to clarify the exclusions but even the staff could not explain it to me.', 'i do expect more from those who work there.']",7,9
60,Starbucks,"Regular starbucks, nothing special. No one exceptionally friendly or anything. Staff seemed more in a hurry to get back to chatting with one another, not really building rapport with customer. I guess I get it though, almost closing time. Quiet in here this evening.","['regular starbucks, nothing special.', 'no one exceptionally friendly or anything.', 'staff seemed more in a hurry to get back to chatting with one another, not really building rapport with customer.', 'i guess i get it though, almost closing time.', 'quiet in here this evening.']",5,54
61,Cinemark Mesa 16,"Came here before the reno to watch foreign movies, and was oleasantly surprised then.

After the reno, wow! Seatsa are sooooooo comfortable. (I think maybe a bit too comfy because not ling into the previews, I heard snoring lol).

4 becasue it's far, but also concerned about coming here after dark and wondering if my car will be ok.","['came here before the reno to watch foreign movies, and was oleasantly surprised then.', 'after the reno, wow!', 'seatsa are sooooooo comfortable.', '(i think maybe a bit too comfy because not ling into the previews, i heard snoring lol).', ""4 becasue it's far, but also concerned about coming here after dark and wondering if my car will be ok.""]",5,172
62,Julioberto's,"Never been inside. Always a drive through experience. The place could use retouching of paint, etc. By place I mean what little I can see from the drive thru window ;)

Food? 4.  Super tasty. Picky eater son loves their chicken tacos.  Try the patron burrito. I have half for breakfast and half for linner (lunch/dinner). It's THAT big.","['never been inside.', 'always a drive through experience.', 'the place could use retouching of paint, etc.', 'by place i mean what little i can see from the drive thru window ;)  food?', '4.  super tasty.', 'picky eater son loves their chicken tacos.', 'try the patron burrito.', 'i have half for breakfast and half for linner (lunch/dinner).', ""it's that big.""]",9,25
63,Ditka's Restaurant,"If only it wasn't in a casino, I'd give it a 5 and come back more often. Thankfully, no smell of smoke inside. 

We were seated promptly at a booth and had a good time. Came here expecting over priced, bland food. Apparently I was in for a surprise.

Our server was prompt and nice. Hubby gave him 8 out of 10 rating (we ran too low on drinks once). The foooooood.....best calamari ever! Crispy, soft, and TASTY without the deep fried oily feeling. Don't usually like tartar sauce but loved this one.

Linguini was delicious-nice, subtle zing and scrumptious prawn.  Steak was succulent and delectable. We didn't have room for dessert because the portions were huge.

Reasonably priced for great food and large portions.","[""if only it wasn't in a casino, i'd give it a 5 and come back more often."", 'thankfully, no smell of smoke inside.', 'we were seated promptly at a booth and had a good time.', 'came here expecting over priced, bland food.', 'apparently i was in for a surprise.', ""don't usually like tartar sauce but loved this one."", 'linguini was delicious-nice, subtle zing and scrumptious prawn.', 'steak was succulent and delectable.', ""we didn't have room for dessert because the portions were huge."", 'reasonably priced for great food and large portions.']",14,62
64,Trader Joe's,"Everyone's always happy and incredibly helpful here. Mandarin chicken, chocolate croissants are our faves.

Kids love the little push carts - so cute! Sparkling lemonade is great with fresh strawberries.

Come check out all they have to offer...their flowers are beautiful too!","[""everyone's always happy and incredibly helpful here."", 'mandarin chicken, chocolate croissants are our faves.', 'kids love the little push carts - so cute!', 'sparkling lemonade is great with fresh strawberries.', 'come check out all they have to offer...their flowers are beautiful too!']",5,78
65,Filiberto's Mexican Food,"Have not actually been inside so this will be a review of multiple drive thru experiences, not a 5 because I haven't been inside but I'll do that next time and update my review.

We usually go for chicken tacos, quesadillas (chicken and cheese), patron, AZ, or carne asada burritos. Food is always hot, order always correct.  Food tastes good, not overly salty and definitely bland. It isn't a gourmet meal, but it hits the spot. Prices have gone up a bit but at least they didn't shrink the portions. 

This place stands out for me because no matter how big or 'customized' our order is (e.g. no pico or easy in lettuce, etc.), they've ALWAYS been super patient when taking the order and then super nice when we pick up our food.","[""have not actually been inside so this will be a review of multiple drive thru experiences, not a 5 because i haven't been inside but i'll do that next time and update my review."", 'we usually go for chicken tacos, quesadillas (chicken and cheese), patron, az, or carne asada burritos.', 'food is always hot, order always correct.', 'food tastes good, not overly salty and definitely bland.', ""it isn't a gourmet meal, but it hits the spot."", ""prices have gone up a bit but at least they didn't shrink the portions."", ""this place stands out for me because no matter how big or 'customized' our order is (e.g."", 'no pico or easy in lettuce, etc.', ""), they've always been super patient when taking the order and then super nice when we pick up our food.""]",9,25
66,Buffalo Wild Wings,"My last review was a novel, this will be short. Ordered online for pick up, food was handed to me at EXACTLY that time, not a minute later. Aaarrrmmmyyygaaawwwd amazing!

Why the 3? One order was wrong :( BUT it was pretty good anyway so I'll leave it be. We're all human after all.","['my last review was a novel, this will be short.', 'ordered online for pick up, food was handed to me at exactly that time, not a minute later.', 'aaarrrmmmyyygaaawwwd amazing!', 'why the 3?', ""one order was wrong :( but it was pretty good anyway so i'll leave it be."", ""we're all human after all.""]",6,127
67,Harkins Theatres Arizona Mills 25 w/ IMAX,"Busy holiday weekend, but all the staff from the ticket counter, concessions, and rest room attendants we really nice. Smiling without a hint of annoyance due to working on a holiday weekend with heavy traffic. 

It would have been a 3 due to smelly restroom but before I left, they were already on it. Service counts a lot.

Seats were comfortable with good leg room.","['busy holiday weekend, but all the staff from the ticket counter, concessions, and rest room attendants we really nice.', 'smiling without a hint of annoyance due to working on a holiday weekend with heavy traffic.', 'it would have been a 3 due to smelly restroom but before i left, they were already on it.', 'service counts a lot.', 'seats were comfortable with good leg room.']",5,115
68,Phoenix Mountains Preserve,"Went on the south side.  It was more flat, but at 100 degrees, I didn't really want to do climbing. Trail was clean and scenery was beautiful. Made me stop and just be. Very relaxing.

Definitely bring a lot of water, stay on the trail and please please take your trash with you.","['went on the south side.', ""it was more flat, but at 100 degrees, i didn't really want to do climbing."", 'trail was clean and scenery was beautiful.', 'made me stop and just be.', 'very relaxing.', 'definitely bring a lot of water, stay on the trail and please please take your trash with you.']",6,45
69,Harkins Camelview at Fashion Square,"Comfortable seats, happy they are not separated in clusters/groups like other theaters with recliners (works well with an odd numbered group).

Love the different seating options available while waiting for the movie.

$14 after 6pm movies is a bit steep, suggest at least a senior or student discount.","['comfortable seats, happy they are not separated in clusters/groups like other theaters with recliners (works well with an odd numbered group).', 'love the different seating options available while waiting for the movie.', '$14 after 6pm movies is a bit steep, suggest at least a senior or student discount.']",3,215
70,Great Wall Cuisine,"Best place for dim sum in the valley.  Prefer this one to the one at Mekong Plaza in Mesa.  Pork siomai is the family favorite. Calamari is the bomb, when the cook isn't in (he gets in about 10-11am on weekends), we get the Salt and Pepper squid from the a la carte menu. Shrimp egg rolls, mmmmmmm.","['best place for dim sum in the valley.', 'prefer this one to the one at mekong plaza in mesa.', 'pork siomai is the family favorite.', ""calamari is the bomb, when the cook isn't in (he gets in about 10-11am on weekends), we get the salt and pepper squid from the a la carte menu."", 'shrimp egg rolls, mmmmmmm.']",5,433
71,Odysea Mirror Maze,"Laser maze is a blast for the kids, check Groupon for deals so you don't break the bank.

Love the sitting area outside, great for waiting parents when the weather is cool and breezy.

Bummer that you can't even bring water for a birthday party, it's $0.99 per additional 8oz bottle, but it beats the $1.25 pouch of Carpi Sun.  My kids love ice cream but we couldn't bring an ice cream cake either.  Loosen up, allow us to bring water (this is AZ) and our own cakes for the parties.","[""laser maze is a blast for the kids, check groupon for deals so you don't break the bank."", 'love the sitting area outside, great for waiting parents when the weather is cool and breezy.', ""bummer that you can't even bring water for a birthday party, it's $0.99 per additional 8oz bottle, but it beats the $1.25 pouch of carpi sun."", ""my kids love ice cream but we couldn't bring an ice cream cake either."", 'loosen up, allow us to bring water (this is az) and our own cakes for the parties.']",5,63
72,Aioli Gourmet Burgers,"Food taste: 2 
Time to receive food: 3
Customer Service: - 5 (yes, that's a negative)
Cleanliness: 3
Accuracy of order: 0

Liked that the screen is easier to read. Nice printed menus too. Purchased a Groupon  (4 burgers 4 sides) gave our orders (one burger and side to go) and was charged $26 and change. I'll take credit for signing and paying albeit confused, my mistake. Apparently lady assumed I only purchased a Groupon for (2 burgers and 2 sides). I pointed that out, she (lady 1) needed help and the lady (lady 2) who helped only asked the cash registrar for an explanation, not me. No sorry no nothing. Immediate refund of $21 no questions asked. I asked why it was only $21 not $26 and change, a brief and now obviously fake glance at the screen and I was told registrar was right not me. Lady 2 walks to the back and cancels 2 burgers and 2 sides. I patiently wait cause I understood the kitchen was busy and there was a line. I explained we needed 4 burgers and 4 fries again, no apologies for their own confusion and mistakes. Lady 2 just says the whole order needs to be cancelled and redone, again no apologies, didn't even offer to help further, just stayed in the kitchen. Lady 1 put in an order for the other 2 burgers and 2 fries (one to go) offered me 2 free drinks which I declined.

Guess what came to our table. Yep, 2 burgers and 2 fries (you know, the one pair that was to go). Explained to the server that we ordered 4, again no apologies, checks with the lady 1 at the register and shortly brings our order to us. Fries tasted like fries anywhere else, crispy, plain. Nothing special like before. Burgers were bland, both my husband and son said burgers were 'ok, not really tasty like last time.'

As we're eating, I notice lady 2 walking and chatting to other patrons. She stop by our table to make amends? Why of course not. She looked at us though, and walked away.

Last week I told my sisters to eat here. Just sent a message on group chat telling them not to waste their time. Few weeks ago told my coworkers to stop by here when they're in the neighborhood, I'll tell them about this visit on Monday.

My advice to management: Tell staff to read, slow down, listen and understand how important customer service is.

Advice to Yelpers: Smash Burger or In N Out. Taste hasn't changed, service much better. If in Vegas, Wahlburgers.","[""food taste: 2  time to receive food: 3 customer service: - 5 (yes, that's a negative) cleanliness: 3 accuracy of order: 0  liked that the screen is easier to read."", 'nice printed menus too.', 'purchased a groupon  (4 burgers 4 sides) gave our orders (one burger and side to go) and was charged $26 and change.', 'advice to yelpers: smash burger or in n out.', ""taste hasn't changed, service much better."", 'if in vegas, wahlburgers.']",31,181
73,JCPenney,"Great prices when there's a $10 off coupon. Lots of fun screen printed shirts for teens/tweens. (hint: Star Wars) 

Do the math before buying one at regular price and getting the next for a penny. Just sayin' use the arithmetic from elementary school.

They do have a better selection online. Love that when a size was not in stock at tje store, they ordered it for me online for store pick up and applied the store coupon and I didn't even have to ask.

Are all the staff that nice? No, BUT they are waaaay more helpful than that other dept store that rhymes with 'acy's.'","[""great prices when there's a $10 off coupon."", 'lots of fun screen printed shirts for teens/tweens.', '(hint: star wars)   do the math before buying one at regular price and getting the next for a penny.', ""just sayin' use the arithmetic from elementary school."", 'they do have a better selection online.', ""love that when a size was not in stock at tje store, they ordered it for me online for store pick up and applied the store coupon and i didn't even have to ask."", 'are all the staff that nice?', ""no, but they are waaaay more helpful than that other dept store that rhymes with 'acy's.'""]",8,39
74,Murder and a Meal Dinner Theatre,"This was a real fun time. Lots of laughs and entertainment. Love that the cast interactions with all guests in a semi intimate setting. Each course is delivered between scenes and you're given time to eat so you don't miss the show. 

Food was pretty decent as well. Like the salad dressing and love the sauce on the chicken. Bring cash for the bar and especially for the tip. Cast/staff work hard and deserve it :)

4 stars since I'm bummed there were no mojitos.","['this was a real fun time.', 'lots of laughs and entertainment.', 'love that the cast interactions with all guests in a semi intimate setting.', ""each course is delivered between scenes and you're given time to eat so you don't miss the show."", 'food was pretty decent as well.', 'like the salad dressing and love the sauce on the chicken.', 'bring cash for the bar and especially for the tip.', ""cast/staff work hard and deserve it :)  4 stars since i'm bummed there were no mojitos.""]",8,30
75,The Stand,"First time here started off with no line, by the time we left, drive through and inside lines were full.

Burger was ok, veggies were fresh, loved the sauce and fries. I drive by here a lot, would stop for the fries. Also, wish I had known the corn is seasonal.  

Why the 3? Service. It was our first time and it was obvious, felt more like the lady ready to take our order just wanted to get it over with and us out of the way.

Like I said no line when we got there, not inside and 1 car at the drive thru.

The 4-5 will depend on service next time.","['first time here started off with no line, by the time we left, drive through and inside lines were full.', 'burger was ok, veggies were fresh, loved the sauce and fries.', 'i drive by here a lot, would stop for the fries.', 'also, wish i had known the corn is seasonal.', 'why the 3?', 'service.', 'it was our first time and it was obvious, felt more like the lady ready to take our order just wanted to get it over with and us out of the way.', 'like i said no line when we got there, not inside and 1 car at the drive thru.', 'the 4-5 will depend on service next time.']",9,870
76,Dunkin' Donuts,"First and last time at this location. We've been moving since 6am after a long work week. Pit stop at Starbucks for frappucinos (for some of our friends who helped) and then at Dunkin for coolatas (for the other half).

Excuse my husband for being tired, human and saying the wrong drink name, 'frappe' instead of coolata being that he was exhausted and needed a pick me up. Apparently that is a personal offense to the Dunkin team. Instead of saying they serve 'coolatas' they server and his shift leader told my husband to go to Starbucks. I hope the franchise owner reads this so they know customers are being told to go across the street.  And btw, 'shift leader,' 'frappes' are at McDonalds.

Want to be shamed for saying the wrong menu item? Head on down.","['first and last time at this location.', ""we've been moving since 6am after a long work week."", 'pit stop at starbucks for frappucinos (for some of our friends who helped) and then at dunkin for coolatas (for the other half).', ""excuse my husband for being tired, human and saying the wrong drink name, 'frappe' instead of coolata being that he was exhausted and needed a pick me up."", 'apparently that is a personal offense to the dunkin team.', ""instead of saying they serve 'coolatas' they server and his shift leader told my husband to go to starbucks."", 'i hope the franchise owner reads this so they know customers are being told to go across the street.', ""and btw, 'shift leader,' 'frappes' are at mcdonalds."", 'want to be shamed for saying the wrong menu item?', 'head on down.']",10,70
77,Olive Garden Italian Restaurant,"We came starving and left stuffed.  Always loved and still adore their calamari. Add the breadsticks and chicken/gnocchi soup...couldn't even finish my main course.  What we 'took' for dinner will probably be for brunch tomorrow.  

Jerry our server was amazing! He was the only one in our section so I can't say service was speedy, but he was always smiling and gracious with each party even though I could see 1 party getting anxious.  The fact that he kept his composure, professionalism, and remained gracious - I commend that kind of service. Kudos, Jerry! 

OG management, perhaps improve scheduling during the lunch rush?","['we came starving and left stuffed.', 'always loved and still adore their calamari.', ""add the breadsticks and chicken/gnocchi soup...couldn't even finish my main course."", ""what we 'took' for dinner will probably be for brunch tomorrow."", 'jerry our server was amazing!', ""he was the only one in our section so i can't say service was speedy, but he was always smiling and gracious with each party even though i could see 1 party getting anxious."", 'the fact that he kept his composure, professionalism, and remained gracious - i commend that kind of service.', 'kudos, jerry!', 'og management, perhaps improve scheduling during the lunch rush?']",9,127
78,Asahi Bakery,"Wow! Sponge cakes that almost melt in you mouth. So light! Watch yourself though, food is so light you may end up eating more than you should especially if you are trying to watch your waistline:)

He felt each coffee cake piece (to put in the bag) and didn't sell me one that felt soggy to the touch.  Asked for pork buns and he went to get the ones in the back that were fresh and cooling down.  Heated up the one piece I was going to eat in the car. (pork bun was so tasty!) All that without me having to ask. 

My fave are the mini sponge cakes with whipped topping and fruit on top, it's a little piece of heaven.  Having a party? Perfect dessert bite your guests will adore!","['wow!', 'sponge cakes that almost melt in you mouth.', 'so light!', ""watch yourself though, food is so light you may end up eating more than you should especially if you are trying to watch your waistline:)  he felt each coffee cake piece (to put in the bag) and didn't sell me one that felt soggy to the touch."", 'asked for pork buns and he went to get the ones in the back that were fresh and cooling down.', '(pork bun was so tasty!)', 'all that without me having to ask.', ""my fave are the mini sponge cakes with whipped topping and fruit on top, it's a little piece of heaven."", 'having a party?', 'perfect dessert bite your guests will adore!']",11,85
79,Desert Financial Credit Union,"Horrible. The smart ones have closed their account. Tellers don't know how to read a day drop envelope that clearly reads MORTGAGE PAYMENT in front and back with the full loan number on it. Money was sitting in the account and in the meantime my mortgage was late. This has happened 4 times. 4 TIMES. 

Manager doesn't take accountability for the lack of attention to detail of his staff or their errors.  Tried to blame me because they didnt believe I put anything on the envelope. Account numbers and account holder names sitting all over Christopher the teller's desk. People wonder why your accounts are compromised? Manager saw it and did nothing. 

Be smart take you money out and run.","['horrible.', 'the smart ones have closed their account.', ""tellers don't know how to read a day drop envelope that clearly reads mortgage payment in front and back with the full loan number on it."", 'money was sitting in the account and in the meantime my mortgage was late.', 'this has happened 4 times.', 'tried to blame me because they didnt believe i put anything on the envelope.', ""account numbers and account holder names sitting all over christopher the teller's desk."", 'people wonder why your accounts are compromised?', 'manager saw it and did nothing.', 'be smart take you money out and run.']",12,11
80,Yogis Grill Teriyaki & Roll,"Been here once before for take out, place has a chemical smell back then and am glad it's gone.  Ate in this time before our movie. Enjoyed the freshly cooked food. Like the healthy options. We came famished, left really full. Place is clean with gtiendly, efficient staff.

I did find the katsu sliced too thin it was no longer tender when fried. Sushi was ok, so was the calamari.","[""been here once before for take out, place has a chemical smell back then and am glad it's gone."", 'ate in this time before our movie.', 'enjoyed the freshly cooked food.', 'like the healthy options.', 'we came famished, left really full.', 'place is clean with gtiendly, efficient staff.', 'i did find the katsu sliced too thin it was no longer tender when fried.', 'sushi was ok, so was the calamari.']",8,63
81,Albertsons,"Meh. Hit or miss with service and sale items. It's always clean with ample parking, hence the 3.","['meh.', 'hit or miss with service and sale items.', ""it's always clean with ample parking, hence the 3.""]",3,19
82,Picture Show @ Paradise Valley Mall,"Scared to post a review because people might find it and crowds will come lol.

Pros: stadium seating, comfortable, large chairs, super ample leg room, clean theater. Manager is nice, he works concessions. Super decent pricing.

Cons: 3x since it opened, we've visited and either there was no picture or audio was messed up. They fixed it within 10 mins but we've not experienced that anywhere else but in a foreign country. Bathroom needs updating: tiles are looking pretty worn.","['scared to post a review because people might find it and crowds will come lol.', 'pros: stadium seating, comfortable, large chairs, super ample leg room, clean theater.', 'manager is nice, he works concessions.', 'super decent pricing.', ""cons: 3x since it opened, we've visited and either there was no picture or audio was messed up."", ""they fixed it within 10 mins but we've not experienced that anywhere else but in a foreign country."", 'bathroom needs updating: tiles are looking pretty worn.']",7,63
83,Let It Roll Bowl & Entertainment,"Love the 'old school' ambiance. Friendly staff. Have been here several times over the last 5 years and I never left dissatisfied. 

Come for the popcorn and drinks.","[""love the 'old school' ambiance."", 'friendly staff.', 'have been here several times over the last 5 years and i never left dissatisfied.', 'come for the popcorn and drinks.']",4,113
84,Culver's,"We've come here several times over a few years. It's always been clean (we go in the evenings). The service is great, they are all really nice, but not excessively chipper to the point of being fake. There's always so much to choose from, We always need a minute to decide ;)

Kids love the baskets and also the burgers, cheese curds and concrete mixers are their faves. I like the rueben, but it's so hearty, I can't finish it all at once. The dinners are a great value too, pot roast with salad and a roll, yuuuuummmmm!","[""we've come here several times over a few years."", ""it's always been clean (we go in the evenings)."", 'the service is great, they are all really nice, but not excessively chipper to the point of being fake.', ""there's always so much to choose from, we always need a minute to decide ;)  kids love the baskets and also the burgers, cheese curds and concrete mixers are their faves."", ""i like the rueben, but it's so hearty, i can't finish it all at once."", 'the dinners are a great value too, pot roast with salad and a roll, yuuuuummmmm!']",6,100
85,Oregano's Pizza Bistro,"Place is always packed for weekend dinners, harder to get in if there's more than a party for two.

Giant portions, love that there's enough to share or to munch on the followinh day.  

Cheese crisp and p'zookie are our motivation to come here, wish tables were not too close together, but I get it's part of their charm, plus that would mean less tables and then there  would be a longer wait ;)","[""place is always packed for weekend dinners, harder to get in if there's more than a party for two."", ""giant portions, love that there's enough to share or to munch on the followinh day."", ""cheese crisp and p'zookie are our motivation to come here, wish tables were not too close together, but i get it's part of their charm, plus that would mean less tables and then there  would be a longer wait ;)""]",3,296
86,AMC Desert Ridge 18,"Where to begin? 1st timer at AMC Desert Ridge. Excited because of the recliner seats. Overwhelmed when we stepped inside. The Marketplace was...well, we thought it was like a hospital cafeteria with a lot less staff and a giant mess. Popcorn all over the floors and counters, condiments spilled, condiment droppings on the counter. Saw 2 girls with brooms - not cleaning but chatting it up with the cashier.

Gotta line up 3 times, one to order, another to pay, and another to pick up your order. Pure confusion for a 1st timer. So you go back, front, and back. Liked the soda machine cause you pick and mix. The 'bar?' It looks like  and afterthought with I think 5 stools.

The bathroom. GROSS. 4 stalls not completely flushed and 1 with wet droppings on the floor. 2 sinks without soap and the used papertowels were overflowing. The automatic machine was rolling the new ones into the used ones. Did I mention there was red/brown debris on the stainless steel? 

Ok recliners but I doubt anyone actually measured the distance from the screen to the seats because we were on 2nd to last row and it still felt too close. We got a headache.","['where to begin?', '1st timer at amc desert ridge.', 'excited because of the recliner seats.', 'did i mention there was red/brown debris on the stainless steel?', 'ok recliners but i doubt anyone actually measured the distance from the screen to the seats because we were on 2nd to last row and it still felt too close.', 'we got a headache.']",21,128
87,Little Peking,"Love the house chicken and chicken fried rice. Only ate here once a few years ago, they were super nice and food was yummy! 

This is out take out spot though.  Dumplings are also good. Family fave is the chicken fried rice, mouth's watering just thinking about it. One serving is good for 3-4.

Delicious food, generous servings, friendly staff and reasonable prices, need I say more?","['love the house chicken and chicken fried rice.', 'only ate here once a few years ago, they were super nice and food was yummy!', 'this is out take out spot though.', 'dumplings are also good.', ""family fave is the chicken fried rice, mouth's watering just thinking about it."", 'one serving is good for 3-4.  delicious food, generous servings, friendly staff and reasonable prices, need i say more?']",6,70
88,Smashburger,"Bbq, bacon burger is awesome!  Salads are great for 2. Been coming here since it opened a few years ago for take out and dine in.

Staff has always been friendly and courteous.

3 rating because we love Smash fries but over the years, it's gotten more and more greasy.","['bbq, bacon burger is awesome!', 'salads are great for 2. been coming here since it opened a few years ago for take out and dine in.', 'staff has always been friendly and courteous.', ""3 rating because we love smash fries but over the years, it's gotten more and more greasy.""]",4,236
89,King Putt Mini,"We just had my son's 6th birthday party here today! The party was a combination of laser tag and arcade games.  We were greeted with a warm welcome upon arriving, and staff was very attentive to us throughout the party. Collin was AMAZING with keeping the party flowing and helping out with everything from the set up, serving of the food, to the clean up at the end. The price was right, and I would highly recommend King Putt on Stephanie in Henderson if you are looking into booking a party here.","[""we just had my son's 6th birthday party here today!"", 'the party was a combination of laser tag and arcade games.', 'we were greeted with a warm welcome upon arriving, and staff was very attentive to us throughout the party.', 'collin was amazing with keeping the party flowing and helping out with everything from the set up, serving of the food, to the clean up at the end.', 'the price was right, and i would highly recommend king putt on stephanie in henderson if you are looking into booking a party here.']",5,171
90,Comfort Foot,"It is a very  nice place. At first, my husband and I saw the ad on the local Chinese paper, and decided to give it a try. It turned out to be great! The massage was professional, and the environment was very nice. I love the background muscic as well. At the price of $30 for for 70-munites-foot-massage, it is well worthy the money!","['it is a very  nice place.', 'at first, my husband and i saw the ad on the local chinese paper, and decided to give it a try.', 'it turned out to be great!', 'the massage was professional, and the environment was very nice.', 'i love the background muscic as well.', 'at the price of $30 for for 70-munites-foot-massage, it is well worthy the money!']",6,37
91,Jon Simpson Photography,"I would have to say my husband and I are very disappointed about the professional photos Jon took for me, which I had planned to use for my upcoming job application. We searched Yelp and found him with all good reviews which made us decide to go to him for these very important pictures. The results are very disappointing! 

Jon seems to be a friendly person, except that in the beginning he tried to deny a Yelp deal that we purchased, as he claimed the deal is for family photos only, which was NOT said in the deal description when we purchased. Anyhow he accepted the deal we bought eventually. However, it turned out to be a terrible experience.  

First of all, his studio is in his house, or maybe more specifically, in his garage. Certainly it is not fun to take a one-hour-photo-shoot at such a place when the temperature is over 100 outside and there is limited air-conditioning in the garage. He had to use a fan trying to make it cooler. But most importantly, his technique is not very impressive at all.  My green dress turned out to be blue in my photos! The skin tone of my face in the pictures turned out to be uneven, despite the fact I was put on make-up by professional beauty artist. Also, his so-called touch-ups of the pictures are awful, that he didn't even try to take the shines on my face away! --- As a matter of fact, I don't think those pictures we purchased have been touched up at all!  

I am not sure if he is good at taking family pictures as other claimed in the reviews, but if you go for professional head-shots, I won't recommend him at all. It will be a total waste of your money and time!","['i would have to say my husband and i are very disappointed about the professional photos jon took for me, which i had planned to use for my upcoming job application.', 'we searched yelp and found him with all good reviews which made us decide to go to him for these very important pictures.', 'the results are very disappointing!', ""--- as a matter of fact, i don't think those pictures we purchased have been touched up at all!"", ""i am not sure if he is good at taking family pictures as other claimed in the reviews, but if you go for professional head-shots, i won't recommend him at all."", 'it will be a total waste of your money and time!']",16,12
92,German Auto Service,Better service and much better prices than the dealership. These guys take great care of your car without sticking it to you price wise like the dealership does. Won't go anywhere else,"['better service and much better prices than the dealership.', 'these guys take great care of your car without sticking it to you price wise like the dealership does.', ""won't go anywhere else""]",3,60
93,Treasure Island,"Probably the worst experience at a hotel in Vegas I've ever had.  All of the construction was completely annoying, but one of the dealers in particular was pretty much a racist, and decided to get in a racially-motivated political debate with me.  Completely inappropriate.  She also wouldn't stop complaining about how she's made minimum wage there for like 10 years, which says something about their judgement to employ someone like that for 10 years without firing them.  She also made me feel really guilty for dropping a few hundred dollars at the blackjack table instead of tipping her that money.  I wish I had someone to report her to, but they don't really seem to care.  I will never be staying at this hotel EVER again, and would never suggest that anyone else does either, especially with all of the competition on the strip.  You can do MUCH better.","[""probably the worst experience at a hotel in vegas i've ever had."", 'all of the construction was completely annoying, but one of the dealers in particular was pretty much a racist, and decided to get in a racially-motivated political debate with me.', 'completely inappropriate.', ""she also wouldn't stop complaining about how she's made minimum wage there for like 10 years, which says something about their judgement to employ someone like that for 10 years without firing them."", 'she also made me feel really guilty for dropping a few hundred dollars at the blackjack table instead of tipping her that money.', ""i wish i had someone to report her to, but they don't really seem to care."", 'i will never be staying at this hotel ever again, and would never suggest that anyone else does either, especially with all of the competition on the strip.', 'you can do much better.']",8,2388
94,Yardbird Southern Table & Bar,"People please...the only good thing about this place is the ever apologetic staff.  I didn't come here for the food but rather the bourbon list as I was told it was amazing....the bourbon list was if fact amazing....problem was they actually didnt carry any of the bourbon on the list....after being told up front ALL of the pappy van Winkle was out of stock, they list like 6 of them on their menu, I was shot down on my next 5 attempts to order a bourbon....all put of stock.  Really?  The bartender kept apologizing profusely but it was apparently all ongoing issue.  don't waste you time here...for the bourbon any way","['people please...the only good thing about this place is the ever apologetic staff.', ""i didn't come here for the food but rather the bourbon list as i was told it was amazing....the bourbon list was if fact amazing....problem was they actually didnt carry any of the bourbon on the list....after being told up front all of the pappy van winkle was out of stock, they list like 6 of them on their menu, i was shot down on my next 5 attempts to order a bourbon....all put of stock."", 'really?', 'the bartender kept apologizing profusely but it was apparently all ongoing issue.', ""don't waste you time here...for the bourbon any way""]",5,2887
95,Jjanga Japanese Restaurant,I love how they have no rice sushi options. They have a pretty good list of sushi and the sauces that they use for it. Food came out at a timely manner and service was not bad.,"['i love how they have no rice sushi options.', 'they have a pretty good list of sushi and the sauces that they use for it.', 'food came out at a timely manner and service was not bad.']",3,1096
96,Le Thai,"I REALLY wanted to like this place. A lot of my friends have mentioned this restaurant and stated how much they enjoyed the food so my boyfriend and I decided to stop by last weekend. First off, they have an amazing staff. Very nice and accommodating. The hostess was great and our server was on top of everything. We really appreciated him informing us that he was going on break and to let the other server know if we needed anything, to just ask. However, we never saw anyone for the last 20 minutes that we were there. They were very busy so we decided not to stay any longer and just walked up to someone at the bar and asked for assistance.

The food..... what can I say... the chicken satay was amazing and I loved the peanut sauce. I ordered the panang curry and my bf ordered the yellow curry (I think).... we love the flavor, but I was disappointed at the amount of chicken they put (which was barely any at all) in the generous bowl of curry they served it with. It was mainly vegetables and I had to fish for the tiny pieces of chicken hoping there was more at the bottom. I hate to do this, but I have to stress how VERY little meat there was in there :(  A few minutes later our pad Thai arrived. The noodles were completely white and the entire dish basically tasted like noodles with lime juice & veggies. Where's the rest of the sauce?!?! The only reason I gave three stars is because I liked the staff and the atmosphere. I don't think I'll be coming back unless one of my friends who love this place really wants to go.","['i really wanted to like this place.', 'a lot of my friends have mentioned this restaurant and stated how much they enjoyed the food so my boyfriend and i decided to stop by last weekend.', 'first off, they have an amazing staff.', ""where's the rest of the sauce?!?!"", 'the only reason i gave three stars is because i liked the staff and the atmosphere.', ""i don't think i'll be coming back unless one of my friends who love this place really wants to go.""]",16,1590
97,Prosecco Fresh Italian Kitchen,"Had the ruby salad, carpaccio, salmon, and ravioli...... everything was literally amazing. We had an amazing server as well. I have not one thing bad to say about this restaurant.","['had the ruby salad, carpaccio, salmon, and ravioli...... everything was literally amazing.', 'we had an amazing server as well.', 'i have not one thing bad to say about this restaurant.']",3,378
98,Jiffy Lube,"STAY AWAY!!! Because I moved this was the closest to my new home. I had my oil and filter changed here about a month ago and after a week my ""oil change"" light came on. My bf mentioned maybe the guy just forgot to reset it so he reset it for me.... Last week it came on again and turned off after a few hours... the next day it was on all day... my bf decided to change the oil and filter himself and showed me that someone wrote on the filter to make sure we know it was changed and the date said JULY 2016!!!!! (see picture posted) This place hasn't changed my filter the both times I've come to them after telling them I need an oil and filter change. Both times I was also told it will take about 40min.... but only took 10.... did they even check anything else?  And I love how both times They asked if I was paying cash and when I told them cash, both times they're machine/computer was ""down"" so they were unable to print me a receipt...what're you guys doing in there???","['stay away!!!', 'because i moved this was the closest to my new home.', 'i had my oil and filter changed here about a month ago and after a week my ""oil change"" light came on.', 'my bf mentioned maybe the guy just forgot to reset it so he reset it for me.... last week it came on again and turned off after a few hours... the next day it was on all day... my bf decided to change the oil and filter himself and showed me that someone wrote on the filter to make sure we know it was changed and the date said july 2016!!!!!', ""(see picture posted) this place hasn't changed my filter the both times i've come to them after telling them i need an oil and filter change."", 'both times i was also told it will take about 40min.... but only took 10.... did they even check anything else?', 'and i love how both times they asked if i was paying cash and when i told them cash, both times they\'re machine/computer was ""down"" so they were unable to print me a receipt...what\'re you guys doing in there??', '?']",8,126
99,Ohjah Noodle House,"I've been to a few ramen places in town and came here with my friend (who's a big ramen fan). We love how tender the meat was and the broth was perfect. Not too salty and greasy like other places we've been too. Most of all, amazing service as well. New ramen spot for us","[""i've been to a few ramen places in town and came here with my friend (who's a big ramen fan)."", 'we love how tender the meat was and the broth was perfect.', ""not too salty and greasy like other places we've been too."", 'most of all, amazing service as well.', 'new ramen spot for us']",5,361
100,Other Mama,"I had an amazing time here. They were very busy but service was GREAT. ALL EMPLOYEES were making a team effort to acknowledge every guest, and were very engaging. We ate at the bar which I feel gave us a better experience as first timers. We ordered about 7 items and I absolutely loved every single one of them. The fish (entree) and oyster rockefellers were my favorite. The food came out one after the other and on time. I love when I don't have to wait too long for my food on a busy night and still have it come out presentable and taste amazing. I didn't get a chance to try their sushi BUT I'm coming back here with my girlfriends after they saw my post! See you again, soon!","['i had an amazing time here.', 'they were very busy but service was great.', 'all employees were making a team effort to acknowledge every guest, and were very engaging.', 'we ate at the bar which i feel gave us a better experience as first timers.', 'we ordered about 7 items and i absolutely loved every single one of them.', 'the fish (entree) and oyster rockefellers were my favorite.', 'the food came out one after the other and on time.', ""i love when i don't have to wait too long for my food on a busy night and still have it come out presentable and taste amazing."", ""i didn't get a chance to try their sushi but i'm coming back here with my girlfriends after they saw my post!"", 'see you again, soon!']",10,555
101,Archi's Thai Bistro,"I've been coming here for a while and I love how the food tastes the same every time. Delicious! I always either get the panang, pad thai, fried rice, larb, and/or chicken satay. Service is always great. I don't think I ever remember have bad or mediocre service here, and the food always comes out just in time. I'm giving it 4 stars because the food to price ratio doesn't match to me. I always end up either ordering more or stopping by somewhere later because I'm still hungry. I think they should either lower the price or add more food. Just my opinion.","[""i've been coming here for a while and i love how the food tastes the same every time."", 'delicious!', 'i always either get the panang, pad thai, fried rice, larb, and/or chicken satay.', 'service is always great.', ""i don't think i ever remember have bad or mediocre service here, and the food always comes out just in time."", ""i'm giving it 4 stars because the food to price ratio doesn't match to me."", ""i always end up either ordering more or stopping by somewhere later because i'm still hungry."", 'i think they should either lower the price or add more food.', 'just my opinion.']",9,733
102,Sen of Japan,"2 of my girlfriends recommended this place so all 3 of us went.... I made sure to have an appetite when I got here..... sushi was mediocre.... what made it TERRIBLE was the service..... we were there for 2 and a half hours because our orders took about 30 min to come out whether it was appetizers or sushi.... our server's excuse was because the bar was full....? So you're telling me your main dining area (which was actually also pretty full ) should SUFFER just because the bar was full????? 

**someone replied to this comment saying to come on a Monday when it's not busy... umm so I have to come a different day to get even mediocre service? No thanks...","[""2 of my girlfriends recommended this place so all 3 of us went.... i made sure to have an appetite when i got here..... sushi was mediocre.... what made it terrible was the service..... we were there for 2 and a half hours because our orders took about 30 min to come out whether it was appetizers or sushi.... our server's excuse was because the bar was full....?"", ""so you're telling me your main dining area (which was actually also pretty full ) should suffer just because the bar was full?????"", ""**someone replied to this comment saying to come on a monday when it's not busy... umm so i have to come a different day to get even mediocre service?"", 'no thanks...']",4,467
103,Waxing by Vickie,"Vickie makes me feel so comfortable every time I go to her. She never rushes anything and she's very thorough and gentle. I've tried 3 different types of wax and hers is by far the best one. She explains every ""after care products"" she uses on me and I love that. If a product doesn't sit well with me, she immediately tells me not to use it and doesn't push me to use it. She even suggests other products that she doesn't carry just so we find something that works well with my skin. She definitely has my best interest at heart. Thank you Vickie!","['vickie makes me feel so comfortable every time i go to her.', ""she never rushes anything and she's very thorough and gentle."", ""i've tried 3 different types of wax and hers is by far the best one."", 'she explains every ""after care products"" she uses on me and i love that.', ""if a product doesn't sit well with me, she immediately tells me not to use it and doesn't push me to use it."", ""she even suggests other products that she doesn't carry just so we find something that works well with my skin."", 'she definitely has my best interest at heart.', 'thank you vickie!']",8,7
104,Very Berry Cafe,"The halo-halo was good! I got the mango toast and was a bit disappointed... the taste was very plain and didn't have a lot going on to it, but the presentation was cute. I think it was a little over priced. I could get halo-halo just as good for cheaper.","['the halo-halo was good!', ""i got the mango toast and was a bit disappointed... the taste was very plain and didn't have a lot going on to it, but the presentation was cute."", 'i think it was a little over priced.', 'i could get halo-halo just as good for cheaper.']",4,164
105,Mixers Ice Cream & Boba,"I've had samples of their ice cream which are also very good, but I always go back to the Ferrero Rocher!","[""i've had samples of their ice cream which are also very good, but i always go back to the ferrero rocher!""]",1,148
106,Hair by Dannette,"I'm not good at explaining how I want my hair since I always change it up every time I see her, but she is always on point! My hairdresser for the past 3 years and I have never left disappointed!! Xoxo","[""i'm not good at explaining how i want my hair since i always change it up every time i see her, but she is always on point!"", 'my hairdresser for the past 3 years and i have never left disappointed!!', 'xoxo']",3,5
107,D' Pinoy Joint,"I've been here a few times with my family and there's really nothing for me to ""complain"" about.... their service is on point, if not, gets better every time we eat here, the taste of the food is always consistent, and the serving you get for the price is great. I've read plenty of comments about the service..... maybe you guys should make sure your staff is consistent with the service? I'd really hate to come here one day and end up with a server who doesn't take care of us.","['i\'ve been here a few times with my family and there\'s really nothing for me to ""complain"" about.... their service is on point, if not, gets better every time we eat here, the taste of the food is always consistent, and the serving you get for the price is great.', ""i've read plenty of comments about the service..... maybe you guys should make sure your staff is consistent with the service?"", ""i'd really hate to come here one day and end up with a server who doesn't take care of us.""]",3,213
108,Shang Artisan Noodle,"The spicy wonton was my favorite. We ordered another round of it and the potstickers. I had the Shang beef noodle soup which was good, but would've been better if it wasn't too salty. I also had a taste of my friend's order of the Peking Zha Jiang noodles which was okay.","['the spicy wonton was my favorite.', 'we ordered another round of it and the potstickers.', ""i had the shang beef noodle soup which was good, but would've been better if it wasn't too salty."", ""i also had a taste of my friend's order of the peking zha jiang noodles which was okay.""]",4,866
109,earth Bloor West,"It might be a bit unfair to review Globe so early into their existence, but I don't feel too badly about it. Reason being, this isn't their first restaurant opening. Globe has two other locations, so it's owners should be able to avoid the rookie mistakes of opening a restaurant. But rather than focus on the facts that it smelled like a construction site, the floors and walls needed some minor finishing work, the staff were wandering about looking slightly confused and a little scared, and the place generally seemed like it probably wasn't ready to open just yet, I'm going to put all that aside and focus on the rest of Globe.

Globe's focus is on local stuff; that means they try to only serve products that are made close-to-home. Trouble is, I'm not exactly sure how far that close-to-home boundary extends to. I was told that it includes Ontario as a whole, but it could also go much further East or West; their Albacore tuna, for example, comes from BC and their mussels come from PEI. Other items don't explicitly explain where they come from, like the Cornish hen. That's the difficulty with going local though; right-off-the-bat you need to firmly establish your local boundaries. BC and PEI, after all, aren't right around the corner. Why not Maine lobster? Maine is a lot closer and seems a lot more local to me than anywhere in BC.

I suppose my beef here is that if you want to focus on locally produced stuff, then why not do it right down to the last detail? Why have a couple of wines from Italy and the US when you could easily make a wine menu completely from Niagara Peninsula wines or even from West Coast British Columbia (since we haven't yet established where that local line is drawn). I suppose the entire local concept is pretty hot right now, considering the whole farm-to-table trend, but those places are a bit more sincere by growing and sourcing everything onsite. To me, that's what true local eating is all about: setting firm boundaries.

The main thing that caught me right away-even more so than the local-ness of stuff-was the truly reasonable prices. At my initial walk-in to the beautiful dining room, I expected to pay a bit more, but that wasn't the case at all. Starters are around 11 bucks, entrees are around 22; at prices like that, it's even kind of refreshing, considering how elegant both the dining room and bar spaces are. And the food is good too. The local carnivore flatbread, for example, had a perfectly cooked flatbread base with some delicious, good-quality meats. The baked Spring vegetable tart seemed a little strange served on raw spinach, but the contrast worked nicely together.

The dining room space is beautiful. 20 foot ceilings, elegant lighting, solid wooden tables. In terms of sheer ambience and sophistication, there's nothing in Bloor West Village that can even come close to competing with Globe.

Despite the wandering servers, we were lucky enough to have the only one that seemed focused. Even though the meddling manager kept needlessly hovering over us mere seconds each time before our server got there, we had fantastic service that pretty much made the entire experience better. If we had another server, I probably would have thought a lot less.

Truth be told, Globe's focus on local products seems to be more of a gimmick at this point rather than a passion. However despite that, it was a pretty good overall experience, opening jitters and stage fright aside. I think that once they work all the kinks out, there'll be nothing in Bloor West Village-an area that is really hurting for some good restaurants to begin with-that can even come close to competing with Globe.","[""it might be a bit unfair to review globe so early into their existence, but i don't feel too badly about it."", ""reason being, this isn't their first restaurant opening."", ""globe has two other locations, so it's owners should be able to avoid the rookie mistakes of opening a restaurant."", ""truth be told, globe's focus on local products seems to be more of a gimmick at this point rather than a passion."", 'however despite that, it was a pretty good overall experience, opening jitters and stage fright aside.', ""i think that once they work all the kinks out, there'll be nothing in bloor west village-an area that is really hurting for some good restaurants to begin with-that can even come close to competing with globe.""]",31,22
110,Origin,"I have been itching to get to Origin for months now after a friend of mine had gone and raved about the food. I dug the concept: tapas with a twist. This is definitely not your traditional, Spanish tapas. At Origin, you'll sample small plates with Asian, Italian and Latin influences. I didn't find the menu overwhelming, but our server was more than happy to help steer the meal so that similar and complimentary flavours were eaten together.

It was tough to narrow it down, as we would have been happy with just about anything on the menu. We started with the tostones: smashed, flattened and deep-fried plantains with guacamole on the side. The plantains were very well seasoned, with generous use of kosher salt and a light dusting of curry powder.

Next up were the deviled eggs with smoked bacon and gremolata and the smoked cod croquettes with saffron aioli. Both were a big hit at the table, disappearing in a flash. I preferred the croquettes of the two, but I didn't exactly NOT eat my share of the deviled eggs either.

Those scrumptious bites devoured, we ordered another bottle of wine (three cheers for Monday night dinners with lots of wine!) and anticipated the arrival of more delectable plates. While we waited, we marveled at the strangeness of the cutlery provided. The only way to balance your knife was blade up. That seemed...dangerous. Especially after the third glass of cabernet sauvignon.

Our next dish appeared and we dove right back in (carefully, so as not to cut ourselves on our upturned knives). A gorgeously-presented order from the Mozzarella Bar: bufala mozzarella with pear, rosemary oil, pine nuts that was drizzled with honey and placed on a crunchy, toasted slice of calabrese bread.

Next up was the Bangkok beef salad with peanuts, mint, mango, fried shallots and a sweet and sour dressing. There was a moment of hesitation while we all tried to dance around the fact that splitting this thing among the three of us might get violent. In the end however, we shared well (our kindergarten teachers would be so proud!). This wasn't an exceptionally complicated dish, but it was done to perfection: the beef was tender and pink; the mangoes were ripe and slippery; the shallots and peanuts added the crunch the dish needed; and the cilantro added the wonderful, bright note at the end. It should be noted that my friend said it was the third time she'd had this particular dish, and it was exactly the same every time. THAT is a sign of a great restaurant.

Our final round of food was to arrive, and we were practically giddy with excitement. We had decided on the Chinois duck with pickled cucumber, hoisin and sriracha sauce on a chive pancake, the curried shrimp with naan and the miso-glazed black cod with soba noodles and a ginger vinaigrette. We knew each dish would be good, but didn't know HOW good. We had spent the first half of the meal happily eating away and we were by no means disappointed with our choices. But these last three dishes absolutely blew them all out of the water. The duck was crispy and, I must say, substantial. The kitchen does not scrimp on the portions at all with this dish! The sweet hoisin sauce was a great compliment to the duck and the heat of the sriracha. A definite must-order at Origin.

Next up, we attacked the curried shrimp, which was intensely flavoured and perfectly spicy. The soft, aromatic naan bread sopped up the spicy broth that was left after devouring the plump, juicy shrimp. Another dish that hit its mark!

Finally (and kind of sadly), we came to our last dish: the black cod. Black cod is one my favourite fish and I have it a fair bit. When I was out in Vancouver earlier this year, I had it almost once a day. but this black cod might be the best I've had...ever. It was flaky, tender and moist. The miso glaze was pleasantly salty and the skin, most importantly, was nice and crispy. The soba noodles were served with the ginger vinaigrette and by the time we were done, there was literally nothing left on the plate. In all likelihood, the best dish of the night though the three of us never could decide on a clear winner in that category.

All in all, I would definitely recommend Origin to anyone who has some reasonably adventurous taste buds and who is willing to share. There is one composed plate that makes a meal - a burger combo with Spanish fries and a float. I have no doubt it's delicious, but it seems kind of beside the point of a restaurant like this. Go with friends, go on a date, go with family. It's not a cheap night out, but it is most definitely money well spent.","['i have been itching to get to origin for months now after a friend of mine had gone and raved about the food.', 'i dug the concept: tapas with a twist.', 'this is definitely not your traditional, spanish tapas.', ""i have no doubt it's delicious, but it seems kind of beside the point of a restaurant like this."", 'go with friends, go on a date, go with family.', ""it's not a cheap night out, but it is most definitely money well spent.""]",50,193
111,Souz Dal,"Alright, alright, so as it turns out I sometimes judge a book by its cover. Or, in this case, a bar by its' signage. Let's face it, I'm a sucker for good signage. And Souz Dal has it. The rusty globe hangs outside like a relic, the name of the bar cut into the side. Lit, and glowingfrom within, it reminds me of one of those tin punch-out crafts made from a (insert random legume) canat summer camp. But much cooler of course. It was this sign that caught my attention on more than one occasion, beckoning me in when I had somewhere else to be. Finally, one night a couple of weeks ago, I gave in to its sirens call. I was a little bit disappointed.

It was devoid of people save for us and the lonely bartender. I say lonely, butjudging by his charm (see: none) he probably liked it better thatway. Granted though, it was early - Souz Dal only has a drink menu - and a few more folk trickled in as the night wore on.

The stars I gave are attributed solelyto the bar's ambience. Dimly lit, and painted in muted reds and oranges it has an earthy orMoorish feel to it. Worn textiles and cathedral mirrors adorn the walls, while candles flicker on every table, casting shadows. The back patio has a similar vibe happening, cloistered in by high walls, andlit by candles wedged in the mouths of old wine bottles.

Now I rarely turn down a good patio, but in this case I chose aseat inside, which says a lot.Reclined on velvet benches at our table by the open front window, we watched College Street come alive as we perused the drink menu. I was in a cocktail mood, and my friend had read somewhere that Souz Dal claimed to have the ""best"" mojitos in the city, so that was the first order I placed. 

Now I've been to Cuba. I did a little backpacking, starting in Havanaand makingmy way to the South coast. I wouldn't say I'm a connoiseur of the mojito because of this, but I diddrink my fair share, and like to think I know a thing or two about a good one. And this wasn't one of them. There wasn't nearly enough mint or sugar, so it was overwhelmingly bitter. I don't like my mojitos to taste like Kool-Aid, but I do like a little sweetness to curb the edge. 

Unlikely to order another of the same, but unwilling to give up on the bar, we tried a few other beverages. Nothing wowed us. The Moscow Mule with its ginger beer offered a nice slow burn, but it also wasn't a repeat offender. The fortune cookie garnish on the lychee-infused Soho martini was fun, but not nearly as tasty as a lychee would have been. 

Although funky signage and ambience mean a lot to me, a good drink means even more, so chancesare Iwon't be returning to Souz Dal. If however, you are in the market for an intimate date setting (see: empty bar) then head on over. And if a mediocre mojito is your thing, then you can get them herefor $5.75 on Mondays.","['alright, alright, so as it turns out i sometimes judge a book by its cover.', ""or, in this case, a bar by its' signage."", ""let's face it, i'm a sucker for good signage."", ""although funky signage and ambience mean a lot to me, a good drink means even more, so chancesare iwon't be returning to souz dal."", 'if however, you are in the market for an intimate date setting (see: empty bar) then head on over.', 'and if a mediocre mojito is your thing, then you can get them herefor $5.75 on mondays.']",32,35
112,Mazz Sushi,"Away from the hubbub of the Annex and Little Korea, sushi joints become fewer and further between. On a relatively quiet stretch of Bloor West, between Dovercourt and Dufferin, sits Mazz Sushi.

An unassuming neighbourhood favourite for years, Mazz Sushi has been one of the few sushi options for Bloorcourt and Bloordale residents. Each time I visit, I am amazed by how bustling a place it is with the constant turning of tables and the rapid fire filling of take-out bags.

On a recent weeknight excursion, the small dining room was full, with a great mix of students, parents with young children and older couples; a typical audience for Mazz. Soon the servers were trying to accommodate extra guests and pointing out that it would be a '10 to 15 minute wait' for a table.

Seated, with menus in hand, the server soon appeared with the tea that was barely just ordered. Mazz's tea is very earthy in flavour with a hint of barley. Moving on quickly to another table, he left us to continue to ponder the menus, not returning for quite some time.

Upon his return, we quickly placed our order for various maki and sashimi hoping that the busyness of the place wouldn't slow the normally lightning-quick service.

After a moment, he returned with a bowl of congee and an amuse-bouche of marinated tofu. Don't be alarmed, these are Mazz's welcome dishes. I find the tofu pleasant enough, but the congee seems a little too heavy and porridge-like to start a meal.

Before these two were done, he was back again with the ubiquitous Miso soup and house salad. The soup was seasoned and flavourful with lots of nori and tofu. The salad was a small mixture of iceberg lettuce with some vegetable shavings and slices: by the book, but not out of this world.

Just as we were finishing our appetizers, the first of our rolls arrived. We ordered a Spicy Tuna maki: tuna mixed with crumbled tempura and hot sauce. My guest, not a fan of spicy food, likes Mazz's version, as she doesn't normally find it too spicy. Unfortunately this time they were a little too spicy for her. Good for me, but bad for her. A minor thing, but consistency means repeat business.

Next, the rest of our food arrived: a sashimi dinner and Dynamite roll. The sashimi dinner is always a joy at Mazz, and this time was no different. The plate usually contains a nice selection of tuna, white tuna, salmon and possibly mackerel, and always has more pieces then advertised. This time was no different, and the fish was very fresh. The only complaint, and I've found this happens quite regularly in Toronto, is that the white tuna was served too cold. The Dynamite roll was large, but a little tasteless; seemingly prepared in too much of a hurry, a couple of pieces unraveled and fell apart on the plate.

Overall, Mazz Sushi let us down a little on this visit. The staff seemed rushed and unable to provide the consistency that we have come to expect. Not once during our meal were we offered more tea, a slight unheard-of in a sushi restaurant. The food, although served quickly, wasn't up to their usual standards, and the wait to order was long. And although it remains quite inexpensive, the discount on the receipt for paying with cash seems to have disappeared with the updating of cash register system.","['away from the hubbub of the annex and little korea, sushi joints become fewer and further between.', 'on a relatively quiet stretch of bloor west, between dovercourt and dufferin, sits mazz sushi.', 'an unassuming neighbourhood favourite for years, mazz sushi has been one of the few sushi options for bloorcourt and bloordale residents.', 'not once during our meal were we offered more tea, a slight unheard-of in a sushi restaurant.', ""the food, although served quickly, wasn't up to their usual standards, and the wait to order was long."", 'and although it remains quite inexpensive, the discount on the receipt for paying with cash seems to have disappeared with the updating of cash register system.']",33,57
113,Grenadier Cafe,"If you've ever driven by High Park on Bloor street, seen the street-level sign that advertises 3 dollar breakfast, and considered stopping in to check it out, you're probably lucky you didn't. Sure, I know the breakfast is only 3 dollars, so I probably shouldn't be hard on it; but regardless of price, I'd still like my meal to be served hot and be put together with some level of care and attention.

This is a pretty mediocre breakfast here: a slice of warm ham, a strip of old bacon, browned toast, over/undercooked eggs, leftover potatoes, breakfast served here is less-than-spectacular, and the service staff doesn't seem to care if you complain about it; I'm sure they've heard it all countless times before.

All of this, of course, is served in one Toronto's prized possessions, High Park. If it wasn't for the location, I certainly would have given them 1 star. In fact, it wasn't for the location, I probably wouldn't have eaten there at all. And in some strange way, I almost wish I didn't eat there. That way, the ad on Bloor street could have remained some mystical promise of a tasty, hot, and friendly-served breakfast somewhere in the heart of High Park.","[""if you've ever driven by high park on bloor street, seen the street-level sign that advertises 3 dollar breakfast, and considered stopping in to check it out, you're probably lucky you didn't."", ""sure, i know the breakfast is only 3 dollars, so i probably shouldn't be hard on it; but regardless of price, i'd still like my meal to be served hot and be put together with some level of care and attention."", ""this is a pretty mediocre breakfast here: a slice of warm ham, a strip of old bacon, browned toast, over/undercooked eggs, leftover potatoes, breakfast served here is less-than-spectacular, and the service staff doesn't seem to care if you complain about it; i'm sure they've heard it all countless times before."", ""all of this, of course, is served in one toronto's prized possessions, high park."", ""if it wasn't for the location, i certainly would have given them 1 star."", ""in fact, it wasn't for the location, i probably wouldn't have eaten there at all."", ""and in some strange way, i almost wish i didn't eat there."", 'that way, the ad on bloor street could have remained some mystical promise of a tasty, hot, and friendly-served breakfast somewhere in the heart of high park.']",8,72
114,Uncle Betty's Diner,"Uncle Betty's is a family foodie heaven: the sole Toronto provider of New York's famous Dreesen's doughnuts, a colourful ice cream and dessert bar, warm and fuzzy comfort food, and a small selection of beer and wine for the grown-ups in the crowd, all make this a popular place for parents and kids alike. Uncle Betty's has only been open for a few months, but it already seems to have garnered a dedicated following. We went to Uncle Betty's on a bustling Friday night, looking for a casual meal and easy going atmosphere; Uncle Betty's certainly provided both. Painted in bright blue and cheery orange, lots of seating inside, and a small patio off the front, we felt right at home. Several families were enjoying meals with their kids in tow As the evening wore on though, most of those families were replaced with twenty and thirty-somethings looking for a cool place to hang out.

Offering sandwiches, burgers, hot dogs, salads, and many other of Uncle Betty's specialty creations, the menu is fairly extensive and varied. We ordered the roasted vegetable sandwich with a salad, and the grilled cheese sandwich, which was made with homemade mac-and-cheese and meatloaf stuffed inside. Their grilled cheese also comes in a pulled pork variety, which I am sure we will try on our next outing. Both meals were great, the vegetable sandwich was warm, the cheese was nicely melted, and the bread was crisp. The grilled cheeses sandwich was deemed as one of the ""best ever,"" however, the portion size was on the small side for a $15 sandwich. Both of us agreed that the sandwich could be a little bigger, but overall we were impressed with the quality and creative effort put into the food. 

For dessert, we each tried a Dreesen's cinnamon sugar doughnut, made fresh on site, and although they were pretty tasty, I am setting my sights on the ice cream bar next time. It is far too bright and colourful to miss, with jars of candy toppings and a great selection of ice cream flavours to choose from.

The service was friendly and attentive, and we had a conversation with the owner, Samara Melanson, as we were leaving. Samara and her husband recently opened the restaurant, and it's always great to meet the owner while dining out and learn about the creation of the restaurant and where some of the ideas for the food come from. She told us that chef Paul Lampa was brought over from Coquine restaurant, which explains the ""gourmet"" comfort food bent and the locally sourced ingredients. 

Most appetizers are priced from 6 - 10 dollars; entrees varied in price from about 9 - 15 dollars, and wine and beer was in the 6 - 8 range. And Uncle Betty's carries Kicking Horse coffee, which is an instant sell and a welcome find for this Toronto-transplanted Western girl. 

Betty's also offers what looks to be a delicious weekend brunch, with homestyle blueberry pancake and Uncle Betty's own take on eggs benny, which comes served on a doughnut.  We will definitely be back to Uncle Betty's to try some of the other great entrees on the menu, and  of course to dig into their ice cream bar.","[""uncle betty's is a family foodie heaven: the sole toronto provider of new york's famous dreesen's doughnuts, a colourful ice cream and dessert bar, warm and fuzzy comfort food, and a small selection of beer and wine for the grown-ups in the crowd, all make this a popular place for parents and kids alike."", ""uncle betty's has only been open for a few months, but it already seems to have garnered a dedicated following."", ""we went to uncle betty's on a bustling friday night, looking for a casual meal and easy going atmosphere; uncle betty's certainly provided both."", ""and uncle betty's carries kicking horse coffee, which is an instant sell and a welcome find for this toronto-transplanted western girl."", ""betty's also offers what looks to be a delicious weekend brunch, with homestyle blueberry pancake and uncle betty's own take on eggs benny, which comes served on a doughnut."", ""we will definitely be back to uncle betty's to try some of the other great entrees on the menu, and  of course to dig into their ice cream bar.""]",20,169
115,The Ace,"I am the first to admit that I don't know Roncesvalles Village well. A friend used to live there many moons ago, but we spent most of our time drinking red wine on her porch until the wee hours in the morning instead of exploring what the neighbourhood had to offer. In recent years, however, the lure of the restaurants lining Roncesvalles Ave has drawn me to the West side of the city more frequently. I never know quite what to expect when I arrive, but I am always pleasantly surprised.

One such surprise awaited me at The Ace. I had heard that the space had been standing empty for ages; even that it had once been a Chinese restaurant. Now headed up by chef Peter McKnight, it has been reopened as a place to stop in for some classic comfort food: fried chicken, burgers, soup, Shepherd's pie. While the menu has changed, the dcor most certainly did not; the new owners have kept as much of the original decoration as possible giving the place an authentic 1950's feel.
My friend and I settled in for our meal in a booth near the back of across from the open kitchen. When asked what we'd like to drink, I tried to sneak a peek at the taps available only to find that there were none in sight. Well, no taps that I recognized anyway. Our waiter informed us that the fantastic milkshake mixer sitting on the counter served as the taps.  A great aesthetic touch behind the bar.

We submitted our drink orders - Mill St. for me, the Ace Manhattan for my friend - and took stock of the menu.  Written out on paper were five or six appetizers and five or six mains from which to choose. We pondered several options, but when the waiter announced that one of the specials of the day was a ""Christmas burger"" the whole plan changed. Ground turkey with stuffing in the middle, topped with cranberry chutney? THIS had to be eaten. As delicious as it sounded, it was actually better than anticipated.  It hit all the parts of your palate and it was gobbled up in minutes. 

Also sampled were the deep-fried Brussels sprouts with dill aioli and the gorgeous, briny oysters. Both were truly excellent and personified what The Ace is all about: simple food done perfectly. My dining companion and I nearly stabbed each other with our forks trying to get at the Brussels sprouts, something I truly thought would never, ever happen in my lifetime. 

If you're at The Ace, do not miss the fried chicken, which is succulent, juicy and crispy, served with him gravy, collard greens and cornbread (though why the cornbread is served on the gravy is a bit beyond me, as it has the unfortunate effect of making the bread a big soggy after a while). The fresh pasta with tuna, chiles, plum tomatoes and basil was cooked to exactly al dente and the flaked trout with potatoes, radishes and red onions struck a great balance of temperature, texture and flavor. 
No matter how full you may be from the well-sized  portions, I implore you not to skip dessert. The ice cream in particular is outstanding. Do not miss the oatmeal, stout or chocolate-rosemary concoctions: they are all made in-house and I am not ashamed to admit that I asked for an entire vat of the chocolate-rosemary ice cream to take home so that I could swim in it. Seriously. Do not miss dessert!

By the time we left around 8pm, The Ace had a line up of hungry patrons eager to relax in a comfortable, homey environment with excellent comfort food, attentive staff and a great bartender. I would suggest dressing in layers as it gets quite warm, as evidenced by the perpetually fogged-over front window.  Go early or go late or go for brunch. You won't be disappointed.","[""i am the first to admit that i don't know roncesvalles village well."", 'a friend used to live there many moons ago, but we spent most of our time drinking red wine on her porch until the wee hours in the morning instead of exploring what the neighbourhood had to offer.', 'in recent years, however, the lure of the restaurants lining roncesvalles ave has drawn me to the west side of the city more frequently.', 'i would suggest dressing in layers as it gets quite warm, as evidenced by the perpetually fogged-over front window.', 'go early or go late or go for brunch.', ""you won't be disappointed.""]",34,149
116,KINKA IZAKAYA BLOOR,"Can I get a Whopper? Not anymore...

A former Burger King at Bathurst and Bloor has become the second Toronto location for the Vancouver dynamo chain. It's easy enough to almost walk past Guu Sakabar--nicknamed Guu 2--as you travel down Bloor Street; the exterior is dark and the signage is minimal, as are the windows. Once you do see it though, the slate-coloured walls and wood accents look stunning and attractive.

Inside, things are kept just as simple and uncluttered with a very open concept dining room filled with long wooden tables. Unlike the Church Street location, this Guu has a small separate dining space where patrons are expected to de-shoe before being seated on the floor. Actually, you won't find a typical table anywhere at Guu Sakabar. In the main dining room, the idea is that you share your experience with others at large communal tables--with your friends, or with strangers. If you're uncomfortable with these seating arrangements you can sit at the bar, but fair warning you will be right in the thick of things...

This restaurant is famous for a quirky element that is unavoidable during your dining experience; from the time you enter to the time you leave you'll be subject to loud yells and cheers from the staff that boom through the whole restaurant. They boisterously welcome you when you enter, and give you a loud farewell when you leave. I would assume there are a handful of people out there who would be infinitely turned off by this, but I think it gives this place one of the best atmospheres around. I almost expected the Happy Birthday chant to be low-key as an ironic contrast, but they don't miss a beat. The entire staff literally sings a birthday song to you, even the chefs behind the counter.

With that in mind, this has to be one of the most well-trained service and kitchen staff I've ever come across. I went to Guu 2 on a Tuesday evening, and it was jam-packed. Between seating guests, taking orders, delivering orders, cooking, clearing and processing payments, I have no idea how they manage to keep on top of their enthusiastic cheers. Guu has raised the bar for what I believe a well-working service staff is capable of. I will say that a couple of our orders that I consider starters, like salads and sashimi, came out last, but the dishes are small, and if you order a few and they come out of the kitchen so fast that the sequence hardly matters. The organization and teamwork is impeccable; we sat at the bar in front of all the action and more than once, a dish would be ready to go out and the chefs would hand them right to us. It seems like everyone knows where everything goes and what everyone is doing. Awesome.

Well to me, a restaurant is worth nothing if the food doesn't hold up, so I am happy to say that the food on this Japanese Tapas-style menu does have a strong voice, even in this noisy dining room.

A variety of dishes are offered, from the expected edamame and sashimi to the more unique items like puffed octopus (a souffl of tender octopus and creamy cheese) and fried skewers of quail egg. Each item's price point is around what I expect from a Tapas restaurant, but the servings are very substantial. The sashimi salad ($7.80) in particular is large enough to be split amongst two people heartily, or four people with ease. The sashimi pieces are definitely worthy of two bites each and you can get six in a platter for only $6.80.

One benefit to sitting at the bar is watching each dish go out. One by one we found ourselves ogling at what was going past.

Quite simply, the food is great, and you certainly get more than what you pay for. It was just a fun dining experience to be a part of; and I did feel as though we were part of it. You may have to yell your conversations across the table to be heard, but at the same time, you'll be smiling while doing it.","['can i get a whopper?', 'not anymore...  a former burger king at bathurst and bloor has become the second toronto location for the vancouver dynamo chain.', ""it's easy enough to almost walk past guu sakabar--nicknamed guu 2--as you travel down bloor street; the exterior is dark and the signage is minimal, as are the windows."", 'quite simply, the food is great, and you certainly get more than what you pay for.', 'it was just a fun dining experience to be a part of; and i did feel as though we were part of it.', ""you may have to yell your conversations across the table to be heard, but at the same time, you'll be smiling while doing it.""]",31,403
117,Lou Dawg's Southern BBQ,"Food, like fashion, has a lot to do with trends. Every couple of years some new ingredient or dish seems to capture the attention of cooks everywhere. Someone does it well, and then soon niche restaurants seem to be popping up everywhere.

A number of years ago, it was the burrito, soon the poutine became chic.
Lately it seems like everyone needs to prove they have the best Southern-style barbeque.

On a recent Saturday night, I had the opportunity to eat at Lou Dawg's; Southern Sandwiches at King and Portland in the Entertainment District. Nestled in the basement, Lou Dawg's seems to be punching above its weight. It has a fairly small front of house, and on this night, a third of that front of house seemed to be taken up by an impromptu stage while the sound and light guys were setting up. And once they did, it was loud! Not only that, it wasn't even music. The sound system was blaring an audio feed from the football game projected on the large screen on the opposite wall. Despite that, the place was buzzing. Pretty much all the tables were full and the young-ish crowd that was there seemed to be happy enough, with tables full of plates and pints.

With our large order placed at the bar, we watched a group clear out and quickly snagged the table. No sooner did he drop off our pints did our food arrive. It was super quick, and it couldn't have been more than five minutes. My guests and I ordered the gamut of the menu: pulled chicken, beef brisket, and pulled pork sandwiches with potato salad, coleslaw and a 'Loutine' (poutine with pulled pork). Everything looked great...

The pulled pork had a pleasant smoky flavour and was quite juicy and moist, but after a couple of bites it seemed to be very one note; there wasn't that nice tang you get with true southern barbeque. The pulled chicken was very dry. This is a dish most people have difficulty doing well, and I don't think Lou Dawg's is any different. It seemed like it had been sitting around for awhile... waiting for someone to order it... The beef brisket was popping with flavour. It was succulent, with just the right amount of fattiness. If you're there, I highly recommend it.

Side dishes is where Lou Dawg's really shines. Their coleslaw is creamy, sweet and crisp, with dried cranberries and raisins. And the potato salad? Truly made with love. It burst with flavours of dill and mustard seed, and the potatoes were cooked to the perfect texture.

The small poutine was quite a large portion. The fries were as they should be: crisp and fresh tasting with a hefty salting. If the cheese was curds, you couldn't tell. They had lost all of their consistency from over heating. The chicken gravy was way too salty and overpowered the mild flavour on the pulled pork.

Overall, Lou Dawg's didn't live up to the hype. I've had better Southern barbeque at places that don't specialize in it, and way better at places that do. Coupled with that, the restaurant seemed a little unsure of itself. Is it trying to be a restaurant? a sports bar? or a neighbourhood performance space? or just a hangout for friends of the staff? This indecision usually sounds the death knell of any place. So while the sides and brisket made it a place worth returning to, there wasn't much keeping me from going somewhere else.","['food, like fashion, has a lot to do with trends.', 'every couple of years some new ingredient or dish seems to capture the attention of cooks everywhere.', 'someone does it well, and then soon niche restaurants seem to be popping up everywhere.', 'or just a hangout for friends of the staff?', 'this indecision usually sounds the death knell of any place.', ""so while the sides and brisket made it a place worth returning to, there wasn't much keeping me from going somewhere else.""]",42,100
118,The Mugshot Tavern,"The High Park neighbourhood is near-void of good places to grab a pint. Well, it was until The Mugshot Tavern opened anyways... The Mugshot easily provides the perfect answer to filling that void, and then some. Truly nice owners, delicious food, and a killer environment, this place takes the neighbourhood bar way beyond what it's expected to be.

If the Mugshot doesn't have the best draft selection in a 10 km radius, it certainly has the most well-thought-out one. These guys obviously love beer, and more obviously is that they've put a ton of thought into what is being pulled from the taps. It's all craft beer, and some interesting stuff at that. Chances are they have a few you've never even heard of, like the King Pilsner and Warthog Ale. It wouldn't be a stretch to say that they're probably one of only a handful of places in the city with either on tap. Don't expect to find Canadian or Blue here; what they offer is much more creative than any of that stuff.

The food, and the entire menu for that matter, is equally well-thought out. It's a killer mix of Southern-soul and comfort food, and they do a dam fine job of pulling it off. You can expect to find Southern favorites, like fried chicken with fritters, and some not so expected ones, like in-house-made corn dogs with chutney. The presentation is pretty decent too and again, goes beyond the typical bar stuff. It's pretty obvious that the people manning the kitchen know what the hell they're doing back there. Rarely do I go to a restaurant and have difficulty deciding what to order; at The Mugshot I was torn between a few items.

They've done a dam good job of ridding the place of all remnants of the defunct McKenzies that used to take up the place. They've clearly spent a lot of time, thought, and energy turning it into something completely new. The environment, painted in bright red and tactfully covered in old-school, famous mugshot photos, is easily the kind of space you could hang out for a long, long time. It's comfortable and welcoming, the way a neighbourhood local should be. Despite not being an overly large place, it still accommodates nicely, and any excess people can spill onto their cozy rooftop patio.

And the staff at Mugshot? They couldn't be any friendlier. Having only been open about a week or so, you'd never know it by their attitudes. Likely working long hours, round-the-clock, getting the place ready and established, they're still sociable, out-going, and friendly. I sure-as-hell didn't feel like a stranger in this joint, and I don't think anyone with even the teeniest bit of personality would either. Even coming in by yourself is sure to get you some conversation.

It's clear that, after just opening, they're still trying to establish their crowd. It's still sorta random as to the people that might be in there. While one day the bar could be full of seniors, that evening it could be packed with a younger crowd. It seems to be dependent on the time of day, but it's also, unfortunately, the way the neighbourhood seems to work. Customers are sorta like family; you can't really pick 'em.

The Mugshot isn't just the kind of place you sit, drink, and hide from the world, although it provides that pretty well; it's also the kind of place that you can unexpectedly get some truly imaginative and delicious food in a comfortable and welcoming space. In a neighbourhood like High Park, The Mugshot Tavern is unrivaled in every respect.","['the high park neighbourhood is near-void of good places to grab a pint.', 'well, it was until the mugshot tavern opened anyways... the mugshot easily provides the perfect answer to filling that void, and then some.', ""truly nice owners, delicious food, and a killer environment, this place takes the neighbourhood bar way beyond what it's expected to be."", ""customers are sorta like family; you can't really pick 'em."", ""the mugshot isn't just the kind of place you sit, drink, and hide from the world, although it provides that pretty well; it's also the kind of place that you can unexpectedly get some truly imaginative and delicious food in a comfortable and welcoming space."", 'in a neighbourhood like high park, the mugshot tavern is unrivaled in every respect.']",33,78
119,The Westerly,"Located at the top of the restaurant strip on Roncesvalles, The Westerly is a cozy neighbourhood spot that is sure to please.  The uncomplicated menu features classic dishes done beautifully and just a step or two above others'. Five of us arrived for dinner last week and were greeted the charming co-owner, Tom, who presided over the evening with grace and warmth.

We spent an inordinately long time trying to decide from the 10 appetizers and 10 mains. Each looked better than the next and made our decisions more difficult than usual. While we deliberated, a bottle of shiraz and a custom champagne drink were ordered and a basket of some of the best foccaccia I've had in a long time arrived at the table. The crust was crispy and salty and the filled basket did not last long.

After a solid twenty minutes of deliberation, we placed our orders: the romaine heart salad to split two ways; steamed PEI mussels in a grainy mustard butter with a side order of fries; roasted Chicken Supreme stuffed with pulled pork (yes, you read that right) served with bacon & smoked cheddar Israeli couscous; the house burger, made with ground chuck, veal and braised short rib; pan-seared arctic char served atop Israeli couscous with lobster; and roasted halibut topped with salsa verde and served with potatoes and mussels.

When the food arrived, five sets of eyes widened. The plates were beautiful and smelled fantastic.  I'm lucky enough to have friends who share, so I got a little of everyone's meal. While all were delicious, there were a few outstanding bites that I would return for which I would The Westerly in a heartbeat. The Israeli couscous with smoked cheddar and bacon was aromatic and, surprisingly, not heavy at all. The smoked ingredients permeated the little couscous pearls, infusing them with a ton of flavour.  Next was the burger which was so tender it nearly fell apart in my hands as I ate it, juice running down my hands. It came with a spicy salsa that cut through the richness of the burger beautifully.  Undoubtedly, this is a big crowd pleaser.

Between the two fish dishes, I preferred the halibut. I liked the lightness of the fish paired with the bright salsa verde. There was certainly nothing wrong with the char - it was rich, not overcooked and the lobster-laden Israeli couscous was excellent. The balance and combination of ingredients in the halibut dish, though, really appealed to me and I will likely order it upon my next visit.

Amazingly, we had some room left for shared desserts. I opted to split the warm apple crumble with fresh whipped cream while others went for the lemon tart. The crumble was comforting, filled with cinnamon and topped with large, buttery pieces of crumble. Incredible. Definitely a great end to a meal but I recommend sharing as it is quite heavy - otherwise you may be rolling out of the restaurant, pants unzipped.

I would return to The Westerly, unquestionably. My friends and I had a great time in a charming restaurant in which we were treated well (though there was some miscommunication with a dessert, it was rectified gracefully).  If you haven't been, add it to your list and prepare for a lovely brunch or dinner!","['located at the top of the restaurant strip on roncesvalles, the westerly is a cozy neighbourhood spot that is sure to please.', ""the uncomplicated menu features classic dishes done beautifully and just a step or two above others'."", 'five of us arrived for dinner last week and were greeted the charming co-owner, tom, who presided over the evening with grace and warmth.', 'i would return to the westerly, unquestionably.', 'my friends and i had a great time in a charming restaurant in which we were treated well (though there was some miscommunication with a dessert, it was rectified gracefully).', ""if you haven't been, add it to your list and prepare for a lovely brunch or dinner!""]",29,80
120,Five Doors North,"5 Doors North is my neighbourhood spot. I have visited it on several occasions, and each time I leave, I debate whether sharing this place with the world is worth having to wait for a table during an already busy dinner rush. My conscience prevails, as 5 Doors North is too great of a restaurant not to review, and share with my fellow TOFoodReviews readers.

A spur of the moment, ""Thursday night out"" decision, led Andy and I to 5 Doors North, knowing we would get a great meal. We were seated in the front area of the dining room, perfect for people watching along the Eglinton-Davisville and Yonge street corridor. The furnishings are worn, kitschy, and mismatched, but only add to the warmth and charm of the restaurant.  The restaurant menu is hand-written and photocopied, followed by an evolving list of specials on the chalkboard, which are carefully selected, and always guaranteed to be great.

The wine list is small and filled with some robust reds. I ordered the Pinot Noir, which I have to say, just didn't do it for me, it was a bit thin and wasn't quite what I was hoping for. Andy's Malbec was fabulous, so we both ordered another glass for the second round. Wines by the glass are anywhere from $7 to $11, and bottles in the $30-$50 range. Overall, wines are priced fairly well, but I would love to see a little more variety to match the diverse food menu.

The appetizer list is long, and everything sounds incredible. They have smoked salmon, Prosciutto, mussels, a delicious polenta dish, on top of the list of daily specials, which included cauliflower soup, avocado bruschetta, and crab cakes. We went with the soup, beef Carpaccio with Pecorino cheese & roasted onion, and the beet salad. First out was the roasted beet salad with scallion aioli & lotus chips, which was wonderful, the goat cheese soft and warm, and the beets sweet and crunchy. The roasted cauliflower soup was smoky and creamy, but not too heavy; a perfect start to the meal, and the beef Carpaccio was some of the best, the cheese and onion offsetting the beef perfectly.

For our mains, I ordered the gnocchi Gorgonzola special and Andy the braised brisket ravioli. The meals were incredible. The gnocchi was awesome, fresh and soft, but the real winner was the Gorgonzola cream sauce. So creamy, it certainly blew my cheese calorie allotment for the week, but so worth it. Garnished with scallions and fresh pepper, the meal needed nothing more to bring out the strong flavours in the Gorgonzola.

The braised brisket ravioli was probably one of the more interesting meals we have ever had. I was unsure what to expect, but the beef was perfect, melt-in-your-mouth, wrapped in fresh pasta, with beef au jus and cream to make up the ravioli sauce. It would be worth phoning in advance to see if this was on the specials menu, as this dish just has to be tried.

The prices are right, entres run from $14-$20, with appetizers in the $8-$12 range. The service is extremely friendly, with everyone pitching in to seat, serve and check-in. It's a family run restaurant, and you can tell by the attitudes and the recommendations of the staff that they all love the food at 5 Doors North as much as you will.","['5 doors north is my neighbourhood spot.', 'i have visited it on several occasions, and each time i leave, i debate whether sharing this place with the world is worth having to wait for a table during an already busy dinner rush.', 'my conscience prevails, as 5 doors north is too great of a restaurant not to review, and share with my fellow tofoodreviews readers.', 'the prices are right, entres run from $14-$20, with appetizers in the $8-$12 range.', 'the service is extremely friendly, with everyone pitching in to seat, serve and check-in.', ""it's a family run restaurant, and you can tell by the attitudes and the recommendations of the staff that they all love the food at 5 doors north as much as you will.""]",28,105
121,Bamburger,"Bamburger is the latest entry into the inexpensive ""gourmet burger"" trend taking over Yonge Street, including Gourmet Burger Co., South Street Burger Co., Burger Shoppe and Gourmet Burger.

While Bamburger offers a decent take-out menu, we chose to enjoy their small, but friendly sidewalk patio, right in the middle of restaurant row at Yonge and Davisville. Bamburger is appealingly decorated in dark brown, natural wood and lots of greenery complimenting the patio and the booths. The lighting is soft and the seating is cozy. This is the kind of place that you could hang out for a great meal without the rushed ""diner"" feeling that often comes with burger joints. Our server was friendly, talkative and more than willing to explain the options on the menu, as there are many, and recommend some personal favourites.

Starting off with drinks, Bamburger serves beer, wine, and old-fashioned Stewart's soda, but what is a burger joint without milkshakes? Bamburger specializes in milkshakes, including the usual vanilla and chocolate suspects, as well a special flavour each day for the nice price of $3.95.

The menu is varied, offering up soup, salads, sandwiches and desserts, as well as a kid's menu, but almost everyone here is in it for the burgers. Bamburger allows you to choose almost every aspect of your burger, from the type of bun, burger patty (beef, chicken, turkey, pork or veggie), as well as a plethora of toppings, some for the asking- tzatziki, chipotle mayo, olives, horseradish, pickles and banana peppers, and some for a price, $1-$1.50 each- bacon, avocado, onion rings, mushrooms, pineapple, and every kind of cheese you could imagine. Included in these cheesy wonders is ""Bamburger's Signature Cheddar Cheese Sauce ($1.50),"" and it is worth every penny. You can order the cheese sauce on your burger, or as a side for dipping your fries, and I would highly recommend both. Just try not to think of how much butter and cheese have gone into that little bowl, and instead, focus on how delicious it is!

We went with the ""Bambamburger ($11.50),"" which is 2/3 of a pound of prime ground chuck, and the chicken burger ($9.95) for myself, on whole-wheat buns. Both of us outfitted our burgers with toppings galore, including mushrooms, onions, garlic mayo and cheese sauce for the ""Bambamburger,"" and avocado, chipotle mayo, dill pickles and jalapeno peppers for the chicken burger. Our meals took a while to arrive, as everything is cooked from scratch, but when they did, we received two overflowing burgers, with awesome homemade French fries and onion rings to match. Lesson learned from this particular trip to Bamburger is just because all of these delectable toppings are available, it doesn't mean you should put all of them on your burger. We both lost our buns to the slippery extras, and ended up eating our burgers by topping, not as one cohesive piece.  Next visit I will try a couple toppings at a time, and see if I fare any better.

Bamburger serves up great burgers, fries and shakes at a fairly good price, although if you go a little overboard with the toppings, you might quickly end up with a $20 burger, without realizing it. The service was friendly and engaging, and the atmosphere was very comfortable and neighbourly.

If you are hunting for a real deal on a burger, Bamburger might not be what you are looking for, but if you are more on the adventurous side, and want to have fun creating your own burger masterpiece, Bamburger will deliver.","['bamburger is the latest entry into the inexpensive ""gourmet burger"" trend taking over yonge street, including gourmet burger co., south street burger co., burger shoppe and gourmet burger.', 'while bamburger offers a decent take-out menu, we chose to enjoy their small, but friendly sidewalk patio, right in the middle of restaurant row at yonge and davisville.', 'bamburger is appealingly decorated in dark brown, natural wood and lots of greenery complimenting the patio and the booths.', 'bamburger serves up great burgers, fries and shakes at a fairly good price, although if you go a little overboard with the toppings, you might quickly end up with a $20 burger, without realizing it.', 'the service was friendly and engaging, and the atmosphere was very comfortable and neighbourly.', 'if you are hunting for a real deal on a burger, bamburger might not be what you are looking for, but if you are more on the adventurous side, and want to have fun creating your own burger masterpiece, bamburger will deliver.']",22,31
122,Sharkey's Village Cafe,"One of the worst bar experiences I've ever had. The servers don't care if you're there, and they probably wouldn't care if you showed up at all. They're far too busy chatting with each other about how beautiful and amazing and important they are to care about customers. Avoid...","[""one of the worst bar experiences i've ever had."", ""the servers don't care if you're there, and they probably wouldn't care if you showed up at all."", ""they're far too busy chatting with each other about how beautiful and amazing and important they are to care about customers."", 'avoid...']",4,14
123,Mr Greek Mediterranean Grill,"I know some people are going to completely disagree with my 1 star rating here, and to be honest, 10 years ago I would have thought the same; but considering how much the culture of Greek food on the Danforth has evolved in the past 10 years, Mr Greek seems to have been left far, far behind.

Mr Greek has slid to becoming nothing more than a glorified cafeteria. That might actually be giving it more credit than it deserves though, because I've been to some cafeterias that aren't absolutely horrible.

I remember stopping in there in the past and having some pretty decent souvlaki, but what you're presented with now is nothing close to decent. The souvlaki is tough and tasteless, the rice is lukewarm and overcooked, the vegetables were likely previously frozen; bottom line is, this is in no way an accurate representation of what Greek food is in Toronto. Add in the sweaty, pushy serving staff, and you have an all around poor dining experience.

I actually complained via email last time I went, and I promptly received an email back from the owner full of profuse apologies and promises of a better meal, nicer service and an overall better experience if I returned. Although I appreciated his effort, the last thing I want is to be forced another meal there. I know restaurants can have a bad day, and I'm willing to overlook that. But from what I saw, this was just another day in the life of crappy restaurant living of it's achievements in the distant past.

On a street with as many options as the Danforth, there's absolutley no reason (or excuse!) to end up in this joint.","['i know some people are going to completely disagree with my 1 star rating here, and to be honest, 10 years ago i would have thought the same; but considering how much the culture of greek food on the danforth has evolved in the past 10 years, mr greek seems to have been left far, far behind.', 'mr greek has slid to becoming nothing more than a glorified cafeteria.', ""that might actually be giving it more credit than it deserves though, because i've been to some cafeterias that aren't absolutely horrible."", ""i remember stopping in there in the past and having some pretty decent souvlaki, but what you're presented with now is nothing close to decent."", 'the souvlaki is tough and tasteless, the rice is lukewarm and overcooked, the vegetables were likely previously frozen; bottom line is, this is in no way an accurate representation of what greek food is in toronto.', 'although i appreciated his effort, the last thing i want is to be forced another meal there.', ""i know restaurants can have a bad day, and i'm willing to overlook that."", ""but from what i saw, this was just another day in the life of crappy restaurant living of it's achievements in the distant past."", ""on a street with as many options as the danforth, there's absolutley no reason (or excuse!)"", 'to end up in this joint.']",12,20
124,King Slice,"Since it opened, this place has become a West Toronto local favourite. And what's not to love? HUGE slices with fresh ingredients at reasonable prices. While I defintely have had better pizza before, for something quick, fairly inexpensive and reasonably tasty, there isn't much within walking distance that beats it. Just stay away at noon during the week, or the highschool crowd will eat you alive. 

If you can't make it in, they have delivery available too.","['since it opened, this place has become a west toronto local favourite.', ""and what's not to love?"", 'huge slices with fresh ingredients at reasonable prices.', ""while i defintely have had better pizza before, for something quick, fairly inexpensive and reasonably tasty, there isn't much within walking distance that beats it."", 'just stay away at noon during the week, or the highschool crowd will eat you alive.', ""if you can't make it in, they have delivery available too.""]",6,84
125,India Palace,"Having a craving for something spiced and exotic and motivated by a friend's comments that, ""there is a good Indian place over on Queen,"" I ventured out in hopes of finding something deliciously curried. Upon arrival we found that this is an odd spot on Queen West where a string of three of four Indian restaurants are all lined up side-by-side, so which to choose?

One thing I love about Toronto restaurants that you won't always find in smaller cities are menus posted on the outside of the building.  Little India stood out for it's well-organized, easy to understand and well-priced menu - in we went.

It is definitely an intimate spot, having no real capacity to hold very large groups, but was still quite comfortable for our dining duo. It was a cold Thursday night and not overly busy, so it did not feel crowded, and it gave the servers that much more time to be attentive.

The menu is substantial and has a variety of dishes. The price range is about $15 - $20 for an entre, but be sure to ask which ones come with rice or Naan and which don't so that you can order them on the side.  First up was the mixed platter appetizer, which included samosas, onion bhajia, pakora and spring rolls. Everything was crispy, hot and just the right size for something before the entre-and it came in at under $5.

For the main, I ordered the chicken kebab and my dinner partner had the Madras chicken.  Fair warning: if they tell you it's going to be hot, then it's truly hot.  We are all too accustomed to those Canadian-ized restaurants that tone down their spiciness to appease the masses, and it is arguable that Little India may do this too, but in any case, take the servers' recommendations to heart.  I do enjoy some heat, but my taste buds can't handle extremes, so I steered clear on this occasion-except for a little taste of the Madras.  For those of you who do like spice, you'll love this!  It has that heat that creeps up after a few bites, not that punch-in-the-face-burn that you might get from cheap chicken wings covered in Frank's Red Hot. Our server did lean my friend toward the less-spicy of the dishes she was deciding between at first, much to her dismay, but as it turns out his suggestion right on.  As for my tamer dish, it had more of a Mediterranean flavour to it; grilled, lemony and came with a cucumber salad garnished with cilantro.  It was a happy reminder of summer while dining in the depths of winter.

One of the greatest things about this restaurant is something I was not even able to take advantage of: the lunch buffet.  This is a bit of a hike from my own home and workplace, but for those of you in the area, I say go for it!  Buffets have a bit of a bad reputation (and for the most part it's well-deserved), but a small arrangement at a non-chain location like this can be a perfect opportunity to try a variety of what is on the menu, especially if it is food you're mostly unfamiliar with.

Overall, I can't leave you saying it was the very best Indian cuisine I've ever had, but I can say that I wasn't disappointed, and I would go back again-especially for that buffet.","['having a craving for something spiced and exotic and motivated by a friend\'s comments that, ""there is a good indian place over on queen,"" i ventured out in hopes of finding something deliciously curried.', 'upon arrival we found that this is an odd spot on queen west where a string of three of four indian restaurants are all lined up side-by-side, so which to choose?', ""one thing i love about toronto restaurants that you won't always find in smaller cities are menus posted on the outside of the building."", 'this is a bit of a hike from my own home and workplace, but for those of you in the area, i say go for it!', ""buffets have a bit of a bad reputation (and for the most part it's well-deserved), but a small arrangement at a non-chain location like this can be a perfect opportunity to try a variety of what is on the menu, especially if it is food you're mostly unfamiliar with."", ""overall, i can't leave you saying it was the very best indian cuisine i've ever had, but i can say that i wasn't disappointed, and i would go back again-especially for that buffet.""]",23,38
126,Pancho's Bakery,"I heart churros.  At least that's what the button said that was given to me by the man behind the counter at Pancho's Bakery.  After noticing the small collection I have attached to both my bag and jacket, he was quick to give me a new addition.  I was hesitant to let it join the ranks, after all ""I heart"" anything is a pretty bold statement, and to be honest, as of that moment, I had never had a mind blowing churro experience, or at least one that would have me declaring such strong feelings for them.  The only time I ever ate a churro was at an establishment once promoted by a talking Chihuahua, so you can understand my hesitation.  I pocketed the button, as its fate would be determined later.

Pancho's Bakery makes up a portion of what is titled the Latin American Food Court in Kensington Market.  The tiny little storefront on Augusta Avenue is deceiving, as it houses more businesses than I would have guessed.  Assuming it was only Pancho's in the building, I was surprised (and excited) to see a stall selling tacos, another dealing in empanadas, and the infamous pop-up Agave y Aguacate.  Pancho's itself occupies the space right up front, across from the Korean dumpling stand... I'm not sure exactly how they fit in.  Apparently the Latin American Food Court doesn't discriminate, and why should they?  Dumplings are tasty, and well, I'm sure another vendor only helps pay the rent.

It was around twelve o'clock on a Friday when my friend and I decided to check out Pancho's. Neither of us had eaten, but we couldn't quite justify having churros for lunch. We are of the mindset however, that believes dinner shouldn't be the only meal followed by dessert, so our afternoon repast that day would have a churro chaser.

Full of carnitas tacos, and kimchi empanadas (Korean dumpling cart influence!), but not too full to pass up deep-fried dough, we made our way back to Pancho's.  I was promptly questioned as to the whereabouts of my button but I quickly placed my order as a distraction.

The churros at Pancho's are piped out in the front window, and brought to life for all too see, before quickly being led to their delicious demise in the deep fryer.  They are served hot, either plain or filled with your choice of chocolate, dulce de leche or strawberry syrup.  We ordered four, one of each flavour, and a plain.  At my servers recommendation I also grabbed some bread pudding and traditional Mexican concha bread.  As we had lost our seats (there aren't many to begin with) and the sun was shining, we took our treats to go.

We started with the chocolate, moved on to the dulce de leche, followed by the strawberry, and thus ended anticlimactically with the plain. They were crispy and sugar coated on the outside, while soft and (with the exception of the plain) accompanied with a burst of sweetness from within. Churro rookies be warned... a churro is a like a deep fried dough straw.  Any filling that goes in the top, will ultimately come out the bottom.  We left a sticky trail through the streets of Kensington that led back to Pancho's.  If Hansel and Gretel only knew about these, they would have rethought the breadcrumb idea.

Later at home, I popped the bread pudding and concha into the oven.  Concha is a sweet bread that resembles a clam shell, hence the name.  It tasted a little of brown sugar, but overall it was bland.  I think the idea however is to serve it alongside a cup of caf con leche or hot chocolate and get to dunking.  I could see this working in its favour.

The bread pudding however (traditionally served around this time of year to be eaten for Lent) was delicious.  Dense, but very moist, and just sweet enough, my girlfriend went nuts over it. Apparently she doesn't have a problem with dessert after other meals either - and this time it was breakfast.

Now I'm not a fan of donuts, and the churro is essentially the donuts Spanish cousin, but I would take a Pancho's churro over a donut any day, and these are what I will return for.  As it turns out, I really do ""heart"" churros after all.  Now where did I put that button?","['i heart churros.', ""at least that's what the button said that was given to me by the man behind the counter at pancho's bakery."", 'after noticing the small collection i have attached to both my bag and jacket, he was quick to give me a new addition.', ""now i'm not a fan of donuts, and the churro is essentially the donuts spanish cousin, but i would take a pancho's churro over a donut any day, and these are what i will return for."", 'as it turns out, i really do ""heart"" churros after all.', 'now where did i put that button?']",40,143
127,&Company Resto Bar,"We were invited last week to attend a new menu tasting event at &Company Resto Bar in Mississauga (across from Square One Shopping Center).

First impressions were that this restaurant is HUGE. It's a good spot if you are looking to throw a large-group party or corporate event dinner. They definitely have room to accommodate large groups for dinner and drinks.

The menu is set up with shareable appetizers as well as traditional entrees. We tried a variety of starters, all which ranged from $13.50 to $16.50.

First, we tried the Louisiana Shrimp Po Boys. This sharable serving came with three Po boy sliders, along with a helping of fries. The shrimp were lightly spiced instead of battered like a traditional po'boy sandwich, and were served with creole tartar sauce, lettuce and tomatoes. The buns were a bit oversized for the shrimp in the sandwiches. Something tells me they are better suited for the hamburger sliders also on the menu.

Next up for appetizers is the Charcuterie Flatbread. This was a great value! The flatbread that came to our table was the size of a small pizza. Each of us had a few pieces, which is a great size for an appetizer. As a big fan of a traditional charcuterie board I was interested in trying this out, and was pleasantly surprised. The meat was not overpowered by the cheese, tomato and sauce base on the flatbread. Would highly recommend this one!

Traditional entrees were next... I tried the Surf n Turf, a new menu item, which was $29. I really liked the unique presentation, which each item set up on a long board instead of a traditional steak and potatoes plate. The steak was cooked exactly as I requested. The lobster tail was a generous size, and the lemon-garlic butter sauce wasn't overpowering at all. It was cooked perfectly too and was very meaty.

Unfortunately, the double cheese baked potato was very dry. It seems like they are premade and had cheese, asparagus, and shallots added and reheated. A simply baked potato would have been a better choice for this one. The attempt at an added flair didn't add much to this dish.

Under recommendation from our waitress, we also tried the Penne Jambalaya. This huge helping of pasta came with big chunks of chorizo, chicken breast and shrimp, in a Sambucca Cajun cream sauce. The sauce tasted a lot like vodka sauce, for those who have never tried Sambucca before. The portion size was impressive, and the pasta had a good kick of spice to it too. Definitely a win, and at $19 it was well worth it.

Once 10pm hit, the music was turned up to a deafening level, and other tables of guests began to arrive, including a few party groups with bottle service for the night. We decided it was time to ask for dessert so we could head on our way. The Brownie Cookie Stack arrived at our table with fanfare. A huge firework candle drew the attention from the tables around us as it arrived. It would be great for a birthday party or function, but as a regular dessert accompaniment it was a little over the top. Again, we were pleasantly surprised by the portion size, a stack of 4 huge, thick brownie and chocolate chip cookies with vanilla ice cream and raspberry drizzle, all for $10. Although the presentation was amazing, the ice cream and sauce just couldn't bring out enough from the cookies, which were warm but weren't very moist or chewy.

Overall, the food is comparable to a lot of nightclub-restaurants on King Street in Toronto but at a more affordable price range, and without the 60-minute wait for a table. The service was great, from the manager to the hostesses we felt very welcomed at the restaurant. &Company would be an awesome spot to celebrate your birthday, family function or company party but if you are looking for an intimate dinner party or a romantic evening, this might not be the best choice.","['we were invited last week to attend a new menu tasting event at &company resto bar in mississauga (across from square one shopping center).', 'first impressions were that this restaurant is huge.', ""it's a good spot if you are looking to throw a large-group party or corporate event dinner."", 'overall, the food is comparable to a lot of nightclub-restaurants on king street in toronto but at a more affordable price range, and without the 60-minute wait for a table.', 'the service was great, from the manager to the hostesses we felt very welcomed at the restaurant.', '&company would be an awesome spot to celebrate your birthday, family function or company party but if you are looking for an intimate dinner party or a romantic evening, this might not be the best choice.']",42,44
128,Joy Bistro,"Joy Bistro is a beautiful, sophisticated resto just inside Leslieville on Toronto's East side. It's likely that you've heard of it, or at least driven by and noticed the huge signage. It's become somewhat of a Leslieville landmark.

First things first, I've heard a lot of negative comments about this place. By the sounds of it, it's one of those places that's hit-or-miss and completely different from one visit to the next; amazing one time, awful the next. Because I've never had dinner there, I can't vouch for evening dining, but I can say this: if you truly don't want run the risk of being disappointed, stick with their weekend brunch. This place is known for brunch. While they may have their issues, Joy Bistro has no problems delivering an upscale brunch experience that is chock full of style.

Brunch at Joy Bistro is not really bistro-ish. The brunch food here is mostly just what you'd expect to see on a brunch menu in most Toronto restaurants, but they do their brunch stuff particularly well. Eggs benny is served up in numerous styles like Benetine (with spinach and peameal bacon), Norwegien (with stacked smoked salmon), and Teddy (with peameal bacon, roasted tomatoes, and spinach). With their near-perfect hollandaise, eggs benny at Joy Bistro is a solid choice.

That, and they've got a killer patio. Intimate and relaxing, their patio is probably one of the best things about this place and the likely reason that a lot of people still frequent it even after having poor experiences. Leslieville has got a few patio spots, but for sheer space, warmth, and location sitting on a busy little Leslieville corner overlooking Jimmie Simpson Park, Joy Bistro's patio is in a league of its own. Worth the sit down in the summer.

They've recently undergone mass renos, which has resulted in Joy Bistro Bar. Although this may have helped the space modernize, it's also contributed to changing their clientele base. Neighbourhood locals that frequented Joy over the years seem to have gone looking for other spots while those looking for a more trendy experience seem to take over. I guess as Leslieville becomes more popular, Joy Bistro wants to change with the nighbourhood, and while change can be good, in most cases, if it isn't broke them why fix it?

Despite that new clientele, it's still a great place for brunch. So the next time a nice, summer weekend rolls around, head out to Joy Bistro for brunch on the patio. By the sounds of it though, I certainly wouldn't do anything but brunch.","[""joy bistro is a beautiful, sophisticated resto just inside leslieville on toronto's east side."", ""it's likely that you've heard of it, or at least driven by and noticed the huge signage."", ""it's become somewhat of a leslieville landmark."", ""despite that new clientele, it's still a great place for brunch."", 'so the next time a nice, summer weekend rolls around, head out to joy bistro for brunch on the patio.', ""by the sounds of it though, i certainly wouldn't do anything but brunch.""]",23,129
129,Terroni,"So lately I've been on a bit of an Italian kick. Maybe its the changing of the seasons, and I'm subconsciously trying to carbo-load for the winter months ahead and preparing for hibernation. Whatever it is, this past Monday I was looking for just that at Terroni on Queen West.
 
The camp is divided on Terroni. People either rave about it or complain about the pretentious servers, the 'no-substitution' rule, or the slice-it-yourself pizza. Being a fan of this place, I have a rebuttal for each of these complaints. 

While (some of) the servers may seem a bit curt at first, I owe this to the fact that Terroni is busy - always busy - and their no-nonsense attitude is often mistaken for pretentiousness. Our server, although brusque, took our order diligently while complementing our choices, had our wine to the table in no time, and managed to pour two glasses of the stuff from the awkwardly shaped porcelain decanter without dribbling it everywhere (which is something we later failed to do). 

As for the no-subsitutions rule, if you want to choose your own toppings, then head on down to that infamous sub-par pizza joint (you know the one...with its orange boxes and redundant title) and stuff your crust while you're at it. Since when did slicing pizza become a chore? Just a few simple back and forth motions with a knife and voila! Freshly sliced pizza.  
  
Regardless of the division, Terroni is always packed. Monday at 9:00 found us one free table upstairs, which was where our preference lay anyway. Although I do love to pull up to the bar, it tends to get a bit clustered on the lower level, and while the upstairs isn't exactly quiet, shouting across the table isn't required. 

Our waiter promptly brought us the menus and we poured over the apps and the twenty-nine - yes, twenty-nine - pizzas they have to offer.  

We started with the Funghi Assoluti ($12.95):  breaded and baked oyster mushrooms served on arugula, sprinkled with parmesan, and drizzled with a balsamic glaze.  It was superb, but sharing proved to be problematic, not because the portion wasn't large enough, but because we simply didn't want to. Social graces saved us, but I had visions of the two of us in an Animal Planet-esque showdown... circling the last mushroom with fangs bared and hackles raised. 
 
We chased all of this down with a velvety Piemonte that was oddly served in a jug, which made it difficult to pour. Our server made it look effortless, but us? Well, we just made a mess. I did manage to solve the problem however (pour from the side, and not from the oddly shaped lip) and fortunately for us we had a seemingly bottomless half litre.
 
No sooner had we finished sharing the last 'shroom was our pizza delivered to the table. We went with the Primavera ($15.95) to contribute to our daily recommended dose of veggies and to somehow convince ourselves that we were being healthy. All of the pizza at Terroni is thin crust and ours was weighed down heavily with tomatoes, red pepper, (more) mushrooms, and artichokes with a few black olives decorating the centre of the pie. 

Now when I say thin-crust, I mean it.  Maybe I'm just speaking for myself here, but I have absolutely no difficulty finishing a whole pizza without any assistance at Terroni. I'm a big fan of folding slices before biting into them, and the crust at Terroni is so thin and pliable I always envision myself folding a whole pizza in half,...and then in half again...and then having my way with it.  Once again, as with the sharing, social norms seem to get in the way...","[""so lately i've been on a bit of an italian kick."", ""maybe its the changing of the seasons, and i'm subconsciously trying to carbo-load for the winter months ahead and preparing for hibernation."", 'whatever it is, this past monday i was looking for just that at terroni on queen west.', ""maybe i'm just speaking for myself here, but i have absolutely no difficulty finishing a whole pizza without any assistance at terroni."", ""i'm a big fan of folding slices before biting into them, and the crust at terroni is so thin and pliable i always envision myself folding a whole pizza in half,...and then in half again...and then having my way with it."", 'once again, as with the sharing, social norms seem to get in the way...']",30,303
130,Momofuku Daish,"Torontonians have welcomed Momofuku with open arms and with satisfied stomachs. Last month, David Chang, founder of Momofuku and internationally renowned chef, was in Toronto to play host in an unexpected arena: The TIFF Food on Film series. He joined a sold-out theatre of fellow foodies (including us) to watch his favourite culinary film, Ang Lee's ""Eat Drink Man Woman"", and then engaged the audience in an informal Q&A session that spanned topics ranging from film to the trappings of celebrity chef-hood.

Three hours of salivating over delectable Chinese food on the screen left us craving more than popcorn, so we decided to check out Chang's Momofuku Daisho shortly after...

Momofuku Daisho's ambience is definitely the highlight of the experience. It's open concept and top to bottom glass gives it a simplistic, modern feel. After a successful debut in NYC & Sydney, Chang was lured to Toronto by what he says was a 'perfect and unique' opportunity presented by the Shangrila Hotel: to house three, different takes on his cooking in 1, single building.

With the accessible Noodle Bar already a favourite of ours and a recent lacklustre (and wallet-busting) venture to the top-rated Shoto, we were eager to try our hand at Momofuku Daisho a mid-level offering that centers the menu around pre-ordered, 'family-style' dishes.

As you can probably imagine, it can be challenging enough to pick options in the moment, let alone coordinate an order for our group of 7 a week in advance (of which we were), but eager to get the full experience, we pre-ordered the much hyped about fried chicken and beef short ribs. The waitress kindly cautioned us to tread lightly when considering the rest of our order, on account of the deluge of food on the way. (Warning: Consider your wallet and alternative menu opportunities prior to committing to the pre-order. On a do-over, we would have banked one family style dish and ordered the rest off the menu.

First we enjoyed two dishes of lightly pickled, chilli-infused cucumbers. If these cucumbers are the Asian take on 'bread and butter' the West is in more trouble than economists predict!

Next came the Spicy Sausage and Rice Cake dish, inspired by Chinese Szechuan cuisine: these melt-in-your-mouth rice cakes punctuated by spiced sausage and Asian greens are a quintessential menu creation, packing flavour of Momofukian proportions!

We then indulged in a Momofuku classic: a pork-style bun, this time of the deboned chicken wing variety, coupled with dill, a glazey hot sauce and crudit; a real crowd pleaser for our group of 7.

And then, the massive plate of fried chicken arrived in all of its glory. Included with vegetables, scallion pancakes (oily and delicious) and a fancy soya type sauce.

Lastly, we tried the beef ribeye shortribs flanked by white Kimchi, bean sprouts and some sticky white rice. In our not-so-humble opinion, the ribs were a tad on the fatty side,

We decided to end the night right and order the chocolate - five different textures of it. A healthy spectrum of liquid to solidity; an interesting experience, but we'd suggest the more intimate smaller size, even for a larger group like ours.

All in all, we were blissfully overfed at Momofuku Daisho. It was lovely dining with David Chang in town and we luckily caught him at the restaurant to snap a pic. Good friends and good food - what could be better?","['torontonians have welcomed momofuku with open arms and with satisfied stomachs.', 'last month, david chang, founder of momofuku and internationally renowned chef, was in toronto to play host in an unexpected arena: the tiff food on film series.', 'he joined a sold-out theatre of fellow foodies (including us) to watch his favourite culinary film, ang lee\'s ""eat drink man woman"", and then engaged the audience in an informal q&a session that spanned topics ranging from film to the trappings of celebrity chef-hood.', 'all in all, we were blissfully overfed at momofuku daisho.', 'it was lovely dining with david chang in town and we luckily caught him at the restaurant to snap a pic.', 'good friends and good food - what could be better?']",22,238
131,Globe Bistro,"Much like Ed Ho's recent earth Bloor West endeavour, Globe bistro's focus is on local and simple; myself, I find that to be a beautiful combination, if it's pulled off right that is.

Cut off from the cozy front bar space, you can't help but notice how welcoming Globe's dining room is; distinguishingly set tables, character hardwood floors, and an interesting play on shadows and lighting all come together to create a soft and intimate space. It draws you in as soon as you enter, and it gives you the feeling that you're in for something special.

With considerate, friendly, detail orientated staff, the service at Globe doesn't disappoint. While it might have partly been because we were among the first tables they had in for dinner that night, we were warmly greeted by the entire front house as we were led to our table. No matter what business you're in, that type of attention scores big points.

Trouble is, I was there to eat, and most of the food at Globe fell a little flat...
There's a lot to be said about going local. With hype from the 100 Mile Challenege and a seemingly growing concern for eating local and sustainable, people are looking for food that's produced closer to home and with a smaller carbon footprint. While Globe's focus may be on local, it's hard to identify exactly how close 'local' is since they have items sourced from as far as Kelowna and Vancouver.

The West Coast Dungeness Crab starter was overcomplicated, which made it slightly hard to identify what the heck we were eating. Besides the obvious crab meat, which was subtly sweet and perfectly cooked, the plate also had a far-to-large savoury panna cotta and some haphazardly scattered popcorn. Yep. Popcorn. While the consistencies were actually pretty good, it was mostly a confusing dish to eat that came with no explanation.

The Second Winds Farm Elk main was a little too simple; too little color, not enough flavor, and effortless presentation. While the elk loin was perfectly cooked, the braised shoulder was tough and near-tasteless. The best part of the dish was the corn polenta.

Much the same with the pheasant, which also served the meat two ways. While the citrus breast was moist and tasty, the jerked leg was tough and lacking spices.
It's really too bad, because I truly wanted to love Globe. From the beautiful dining room to the amazing staff, I was sure I was in for something special.

Perhaps simpler is better, especially since what we're talking about here is a focus on local ingredients. Great cooking is all about balance, and if Globe could just work on simplifying some of their dishes (like the crab starter) and making others slightly more complicated (like the Elk main) and identify where they draw the line on being local, they'd have nothing stopping them.","[""much like ed ho's recent earth bloor west endeavour, globe bistro's focus is on local and simple; myself, i find that to be a beautiful combination, if it's pulled off right that is."", ""cut off from the cozy front bar space, you can't help but notice how welcoming globe's dining room is; distinguishingly set tables, character hardwood floors, and an interesting play on shadows and lighting all come together to create a soft and intimate space."", ""it draws you in as soon as you enter, and it gives you the feeling that you're in for something special."", 'from the beautiful dining room to the amazing staff, i was sure i was in for something special.', ""perhaps simpler is better, especially since what we're talking about here is a focus on local ingredients."", ""great cooking is all about balance, and if globe could just work on simplifying some of their dishes (like the crab starter) and making others slightly more complicated (like the elk main) and identify where they draw the line on being local, they'd have nothing stopping them.""]",23,115
132,O.Noir,"For those that don't know, O.Noir is that unique place where you dine entirely in the dark. Yes, it is completely pitch-black, and no, your eyes will not eventually adjust. You can't see a dam thing down there in O.Noir's dark and dingy basement dining room.

Seriously though, O.Noir is easily one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had in Toronto, not just because the food and service were awful, but also because I left the place feeling ripped off. O.Noir took a concept that could have been interesting and did absolutely nothing with it. It was nothing more than eating crappy food in a dark basement room with the lights off.

First off, the food at O.Noir is horrible. It's just glorified, hotel banquet food. You know the stuff: salad with balsamic vinaigrette, pre-cooked steam-table-held vegetables, chicken with coriander sauce. It was all of those boring old courses served at weddings and buffets in the 80s and 90s; there's nothing imaginative going on in the kitchen here. The food had absolutely no bearing on eating in an environment void of light. You'd think that if they were going to block your sense of sight, they'd want to serve food that would heighten your other senses, like food with strong aromas or flavours. Nope. Just unthoughtful, crappy food. In a way, the food was so bad that I'm glad my other senses weren't heightened by the lack of light.

I ordered the 'surprise' menu. I mean really, why wouldn't I? I'd like to at least try to see if I could use my 'enhanced' senses to not only guess but also to better appreciate whatever it was I was eating... For me, the 'surprise' was that I still don't know what the hell I ate. No one ever told me. I sort of assumed that once we were finished eating, the server would have at least told those of us that ordered the surprise what it was we ate so that we could confirm our suspicions, but nope, he just took our plates away without any explanation at all.

Speaking of our server, he was one of the worst in the biz. Not only did he not bring us anything to drink until we were finished our first course and constantly get our orders mixed up, but he was inattentive and bored; I don't blame him though, it'd be hard not to be bored down there in the dark dining pit of O.Noir. He often left us wondering where he was, not because we were in the dark, but because he often left the room or crept up behind us.

The seating arrangements leave you feeling bored and isolated too, especially if you're part of a group. In a dark environment, you'd be better off sitting at a round table so that everyone can be part of the conversation. Our seating arrangements at a long, rectangular table left those on the end of the table feeling isolated and alone.

Sitting near the entrance to the dining room sucks too. Believe it or not, the servers actually signal that they're entering the room by banging on the door. We must have heard it 40 or 50 times. In a room that is supposed to heighten your senses, this seems absolutely ridiculous. Surely there must be a better way to enter the room and make sure that no light enters. If there is, O.Noir didn't figure it out, or they didn't care. They just decided to stick with the loud banging.

Although we couldn't see anything, a quick feel confirmed that we were using those cheapo hotel-style metal chairs and wooden tables. I mean, I know we can't see anything anyways, but if our senses were supposed to be heightened, then surely our sense of touch should be a part of that. You could argue that because you're eating in the dark, the restaurant doesn't need to spend as much on the space, but I'd argue that because you're eating in the dark, the restaurant needs to spend more on the space and everything in the environment needs to be taken into consideration.

On the way out, the bartender asked us if we were staying in the attached hotel, and right then, it all made sense to me; this place was taking up the old banquet facilities of the hotel. It explains the strange layout the dining room has and the trend of hotel food and furniture. It confirmed one thing for me: if you're going to have a restaurant where your guests eat in the dark, then the space definitely needs to be built specifically for that purpose. There's little doubt that because they didn't, O.Noir sees little repeat business. People come for the novelty, but likely leave disappointed.

O.Noir offers nothing more than eating crappy banquet food in a dark basement with the lights off; absolutely nothing more than that. The pitch-black did nothing to make the experience better or heighten my senses in anyway. I was just eating crappy banquet food in the dark...","[""for those that don't know, o.noir is that unique place where you dine entirely in the dark."", 'yes, it is completely pitch-black, and no, your eyes will not eventually adjust.', ""you can't see a dam thing down there in o.noir's dark and dingy basement dining room."", 'o.noir offers nothing more than eating crappy banquet food in a dark basement with the lights off; absolutely nothing more than that.', 'the pitch-black did nothing to make the experience better or heighten my senses in anyway.', 'i was just eating crappy banquet food in the dark...']",44,291
133,Axis Gastropub,"Having grown up enjoying pubs far and wide, it doesn't take much to cajole me into visiting the newest local for a pint and bite to eat. This was the case a few days back when a number of friends thought it would be fun to get together at Axis Gastropub on the corner of Bloor and Markham in Mirvish Village.

Axis sits in the old Rocco's Plum Tomato location and is the sister pub to Axis Gallery and Grill in the Junction. This corner seems to be one of the those 'Bermuda Triangle' hospitality locations, with new establishments failing to get a foothold over and over again. Maybe the Axis folks will succeed where others have not.

Arriving, a number of us remarked that the large room, decorated in a modern style, was a little stark and very empty for the time of day. It certainly didn't scream 'Pub'.

Within seconds we were greeted by the two servers/bartenders and warmly directed to sit wherever we'd like. Both of these guys seemed genuinely happy to see us and quickly told us about the pint special for the day.

Taking a large table in the back of the room, we sat, chatted and waited for our drinks that soon appeared.

Perusing the menu, it was soon clear that this place was trying to please everyone. The choice was almost limitless with the usual pub fare coupled with 'build your own' pizzas and an entrees list that went from curries to fish and all the way back to steak and pasta.

At the server's recommendation we tried the Pulled Pork Nachos. What came was a healthy portion topped with a mound of pork and all the normal nacho toppings. Tasty, but not remarkable in any way, and the amount of topping-less dead space at the bottom was quite disappointing. Hot wings soon appeared followed by a number of comments of: 'Okay', 'Not stellar', 'Not that spicy'. Following another suggestion, my Axis Club sandwich soon arrived. A Pub staple, the clubhouse has almost as many variations as there are pubs. This club was well prepared, but again not remarkable. Combining chicken breast, ham and bacon on whole wheat bread it was pretty standard, much like what you'd find in a veteran diner or truck stop.

Overall, Axis Gastropub does not live up to its name. It doesn't really feel like a Pub and there isn't anything remarkable about the food. Maybe it is a case of higher expectations, but I can't imagine returning when there are so many other better options nearby.","[""having grown up enjoying pubs far and wide, it doesn't take much to cajole me into visiting the newest local for a pint and bite to eat."", 'this was the case a few days back when a number of friends thought it would be fun to get together at axis gastropub on the corner of bloor and markham in mirvish village.', ""axis sits in the old rocco's plum tomato location and is the sister pub to axis gallery and grill in the junction."", 'overall, axis gastropub does not live up to its name.', ""it doesn't really feel like a pub and there isn't anything remarkable about the food."", ""maybe it is a case of higher expectations, but i can't imagine returning when there are so many other better options nearby.""]",23,8
134,Mascot,"Sometimes I ride the 501 streetcar just for something to do.  It's a fun way to people watch, without really having to watch out for them, but it's also a great way to spot new businesses, or old ones for that matter.  The past couple of times I took this trip, I wondered what was in the chalkboard-black building on the corner of Queen and Elm Grove.  I assumed it was a gallery given it was such a big space, and I was half right.  The Mascot is a coffee shop that showcases art...or an art gallery that serves coffee, depending on what you're going for I guess.  I myself was going for the coffee.

At first the place is a bit daunting.  It's quite large, with a lot of negative space, and very limited seating.  There are two barstools at the counter, a few tables that can seat more than one, and a surprisingly comfy blue velvet couch in the front room, but patrons need to be ready to get creative if all of those are taken.  The back room, which houses the artwork offers up a couple Victorian chairs for those who feel like working on their posture, an old elementary school chair/desk combo, and a springy antique rocking horse (???).  I'm not quite sure if that last option is for display only, or for those who like their coffee with a little bouncy nostalgia, but I for one wasn't about to find out.  I used to have one of those horses, and I remember getting pinched by the damn springs on a regular basis.  Luckily for us, there was a free table.

My girlfriend ordered a latte while I went with just a basic drip to see what Reunion Island coffee is like in its most vulnerable state.  I should've went with the latte.  Not that the drip was bad, but the latte was fantastic. It was smooth and strong without being bitter. The Rosetta adorning the foam was a nice touch as well.  (It should be noted that I went back a few days later for my very own).  

As it was around the brunch hour, and breakfast had long worn off we decided to get a couple of treats to go with our coffee.  The edible portion of the menu at The Mascot is provided by OMG Baked Goods, and like the seating, selection is limited.  The cupcakes were tempting but we were in the mood for savoury, so we ordered a ham & cheese quiche along with a stuffed foccacia.

The quiche arrived looking a little bit sad and we faced off as to who would try it first.  We both agreed that it was tastier than we would have guessed, but I've definitely had better quiche.  The stuffed foccacia on the other hand was a nice surprise.  It didn't come to the table looking like much... really just a bun on a plate.  But as with all things stuffed, it's what's inside that counts.  Filled with roasted peppers, artichokes and Asiago cheese, it was not unlike a grown-up Hot Pocket...one that got tired of all the negative attention so it moved out of its parents freezer, and adopted a healthier lifestyle.  The quiche was pushed aside, but later finished - out of hunger alone. 

Food however is an afterthought at The Mascot.  From what I saw, the people of Parkdale go for the coffee, and rightly so.  There was a steady stream of people coming and going, and judging by the interactions, quite a few regulars.  With friendly laid-back staff, good ambience and amazing lattes, I would make it my local too - if only I lived anywhere near it.

Footnote:  Seating doubles in the warmer months, when it's comfortable enough to sit on the driftwood looking bench that runs the length of their storefront.  Another good place to do some people watching.","['sometimes i ride the 501 streetcar just for something to do.', ""it's a fun way to people watch, without really having to watch out for them, but it's also a great way to spot new businesses, or old ones for that matter."", 'the past couple of times i took this trip, i wondered what was in the chalkboard-black building on the corner of queen and elm grove.', 'with friendly laid-back staff, good ambience and amazing lattes, i would make it my local too - if only i lived anywhere near it.', ""footnote:  seating doubles in the warmer months, when it's comfortable enough to sit on the driftwood looking bench that runs the length of their storefront."", 'another good place to do some people watching.']",35,31
135,Utopia Caf & Grill,"Utopia Cafe and Grill is aptly named. Let me tell you why... One hot and muggy Saturday evening, I found myself walking down College Street in search of sustenance and something cold to slake my thirst. Now, I'm notorious for my inability to make a decision when faced with many options, and College Street has a lot to offer in the way of restaurants. I passed by bistro after restaurant after lounge, growing hungrier by the minute. How did I choose? Divine intervention lent me a helping hand as the sky opened up and let loose a torrential downpour sending me running into the open arms (see: doorway) of Utopia.

It was already jam packed, which had nothing to do with the rain. There was a line-up for tables, but I managed to grab a seat at the bar to peruse both the menu and the environment. What is it about exposed brick and hardwood floors that make a place so cozy? Whatever it is, Utopia has both.

Needless to say, I was immediately enamoured, and when I opened the menu, that bubble remained intact. Now, I wouldn't call myself a vegetarian, nor would I dive into a steak with gusto, so for a selectavarian such as myself, I couldn't have designed a more heavenly menu if I tried. All but three of their appetizers are meat free, and they allow you to substitute soy (grilled or breaded & fried) for meat in most of their main dishes. Meat lovers and vegetarians unite!

And if that wasn't enough, it gets even better! I forgot to mention earlier that in between appreciating the exposed brick and opening the menu, I honed in on the beer selection (tunnel vision at its finest). And it made me smile, for they had KLB Raspberry Wheat on tap. Typically, I like my beer to taste like, well...beer, but I make an exception for KLB, especially in the summertime (although I find excuses to drink it at other points in the year) as the natural raspberry essence paired with the beer itself is possibly the most refreshing combination ever. Like angels dancing on my tongue...delicious, raspberry angels. Its difficult to find on tap, and Utopia has it, so I chalk them up some more points.

I started with the Mumahari Dip (roasted red peppers, pomegranate molasses and walnuts) that comes served with naan. While the dip itself wasn't exactly visually appealing (but really how many dips are?) with a likening to cat food, I was willing to overlook it. The Everlasting Gobstopper of dips, every bite of the Mumahari started sweet, moved onto nutty and finished with a bit of a kick. Delish.

Between the dip and the KLB, I was already very satisfied, but I wasn't done yet. Next came my Grilled Veggie & Goat Cheese Burrito. I love a good burrito, and this one didn't disappoint. Grilled zucchini, red peppers, eggplant, onions and a generous layer of goat cheese came wrapped in a soft tortilla. Served alongside substantial sides of both garden salad and rice, I couldn't finish it if I tried...and I tried. There is absolutely nothing wrong with leftovers though, and I can vouch that a Utopia burrito tastes just as delicious the day after.

On a tight budget? All of Utopia's mains hover around the $13 mark which in my opinion is a great deal considering the quality of the food and the very sizeable portions. I can easily see two people splitting a burrito and leaving the place with full stomachs (and wallets). The only problem with this scenario however, is the lack of leftovers.

If Utopia has any drawbacks, it's that the place is hot in the summer - really, really hot. The lack of air-conditioning combined with the open kitchen may have something to do with it. If I were anywhere else, I just may have been uncomfortable, but I had my pint of KLB, exposed brick, and a smiling bartender that made me feel like I was the only person in the room (okay...now I'm just getting carried away, but that being said the service is genuinely warm). Looking around, even though everyone had a sheen to them, nobody seemed to mind. Everybody just looked happy. People don't sweat at Utopia...they glow.

For a pasta-heavy neighbourhood, Utopia provides a nice deviation. It's the kind of place I could eat at everyday, so it's probably a good thing I don't live nearby, but it will definitely be my College Street go-to. They also have a four season patio (another good reason I don't live in the area, as much to my liver's chagrin, I have an almost instinctual draw to drinking outside).

Utopia is a contradiction unto itself: it's frenetic, but it's calm; blazers sit next to longboarders; meat lovers co-exist amongst vegetarians; it's hot, but oh so cool. As its name implies, this Bohemian spot in Little Italy is truly ideal.","['utopia cafe and grill is aptly named.', 'let me tell you why... one hot and muggy saturday evening, i found myself walking down college street in search of sustenance and something cold to slake my thirst.', ""now, i'm notorious for my inability to make a decision when faced with many options, and college street has a lot to offer in the way of restaurants."", ""they also have a four season patio (another good reason i don't live in the area, as much to my liver's chagrin, i have an almost instinctual draw to drinking outside)."", ""utopia is a contradiction unto itself: it's frenetic, but it's calm; blazers sit next to longboarders; meat lovers co-exist amongst vegetarians; it's hot, but oh so cool."", 'as its name implies, this bohemian spot in little italy is truly ideal.']",46,232
136,Nota Bene,"Beautifully modern and discerning, Nota Bene provides the perfect setting for special occasions and casual dining alike. What makes the experience at Nota Bene so incredible is the total lack of pretense in a restaurant that could easily come across as pompous, and still attract a devoted clientele.

You might find yourself dining with a local politician or celebrity, and a couple celebrating their wedding anniversary, all in the same place. The price is accessible, the quality of the food impeccable, and the service instant without being overwhelming.

We started the evening with Chef David's lobster tacos and the margarita fiesta specials. The lobster tacos were served in a lettuce shell, with a chipotle cream, veggies and cilantro ($8). They tasted like something you would find in a great coastal city, and not at all heavy. The lobster special is a great way to settle in to a long evening of wonderful food.  The margaritas were phenomenal, served on the rocks with Avion tequila. We tried a couple of the cocktails and loved ""Chef David's"" traditional margarita with smoked sea salt. The blueberry and pine tips margarita sounds like a bit of an odd marriage, but worked so wonderfully together that we ordered another.

For appetizers we started with the Hamachi ceviche, which is a yellowtail Pacific fish, infused with coriander, lime, avocado, and jalapeo ($16). This dish came highly recommended by our server, and was absolutely worth the hype. The jalapeos offered a very spicy take on the dish, tempered by the avocado and lime.

Next we tried the cavatelli pasta, with a truffle-scented mushroom Bolognese ($16). This dish was surprisingly soft and creamy without any cheese in it, and the truffle mushrooms were divine. We also had the crisp duck salad with sumac green papaya slaw and cashews ($15), and although I am self-admittedly duck averse, I am told it was perfectly crispy and flavourful, and ending up being the favourite appetizer of the evening for my companion.

For our mains we ordered two Nota Bene favourites. I went with the wild Digby sea scallops with avocado pure, Thai curry paste, mango, papaya and peanut salad ($28). For such a tropical sounding dish, the scallops actually had a very Canadian East coast feel to them, the avocado puree adding a creamy compliment to the scallops. Nota Bene specializes in preparing excellent seafood, and I would absolutely come back for this dish again.

We also tried the braised beef short rib with corn truffle, pickled red onions, queso aejo and coriander ($29). The short ribs were tender, succulent and combined with the sharp taste of the queso aejo and the acidity of the pickled red onion, they were layered with flavour and flat out delicious.

With dinner, we ordered a glass of Ontario Pinot Noir and an Argentinean Malbec. The wine list at Nota Bene is extensive, with the full spectrum of bottles, ranging from the $70 to several hundred.

For dessert we sampled sticky toffee pudding ($12) and S'More ice cream ($10). Needless to say, the sampling turned into finishing. Both desserts were exploding with flavour, the pudding a great combination of traditional pecan praline and spotted dick ice cream, taken with a strong espresso; this is dessert to die for. The S'More ice cream was a fun take on the campfire favourite, with a chocolate and graham cracker crumble.

Go try Nota Bene, twice.  Once to become familiar with all that this brilliantly conceived restaurant has to offer and then a second time to cement the relationship in your black book of regular haunts. Service, quality and ambience are all top rate, yet you still feel the passion Nota Bene has for creating a wonderful experience and forming personal relationships with its guests.

See you there...","['beautifully modern and discerning, nota bene provides the perfect setting for special occasions and casual dining alike.', 'what makes the experience at nota bene so incredible is the total lack of pretense in a restaurant that could easily come across as pompous, and still attract a devoted clientele.', 'you might find yourself dining with a local politician or celebrity, and a couple celebrating their wedding anniversary, all in the same place.', 'once to become familiar with all that this brilliantly conceived restaurant has to offer and then a second time to cement the relationship in your black book of regular haunts.', 'service, quality and ambience are all top rate, yet you still feel the passion nota bene has for creating a wonderful experience and forming personal relationships with its guests.', 'see you there...']",33,256
137,Megas Restaurant,"Geez. I just cant figure it out. I've been looking through what other people have said about Megas, and it's all so bad...really bad. That's where the trouble comes in for me, because I certainly didn't hate it as much as everyone else seems to. In fact, I actually thought I was going to be giving Megas more then 3 stars with this review. Why? This is the second time I've been to Megas. I was only going again because it was so good the first time. But the second time wasn't even a close second.

The big plus Megas has got going for them is their killer patio right on the busier stretch of the Danforth. It's probably one of the best places to sit outdoors on the street. It's a big, covered space that's chock full of people, and at first glance, is difficult not to gravitate towards on a sunny day. 

Once you get over the patio though, and it comes to eating, you're likely to be disappointed; but it's completely dependent on what you order and when you order it. The food at Megas is mostly mediocre, but there are a couple things worth mentioning. While the rice is of the reheated, overcooked, slightly warmed kind, the Saganaki (fried Feta cheese made of sheep's milk) and Taramosalata (Cod caviar spread) is probably some of the best on The Danforth. Seriously, if you have never tried either of these, this is the place to do it. But everything else, order with caution. This place is completely hit or miss, mostly depending on how busy they are.

The inside is sorta your typical Greek place: fake roman statues, stone pillars, and lots of greenery; it's a big space too. If you check it out on the weekend, chances are that big space will have more than one big group, which Megas can provide for comfortably. But that's where most of their issues lie. While they may be able to provide for big groups, it's at the sacrifice of all the other tables. Once Megas gets busy, the service, food quality, and overall experience seemingly drops right through the floor.

Unfortunately, the one thing that is truly consistent at Megas no matter how many times you go there is their lack of caring for food presentation. While most of the stuff they serve seems to be haphazardly dropped on the plate, I don't blame Megas for that. After all, that's pretty much a standard for Greek food; it never seems to be about the presentation. When it comes to Greek food, there's never really a big surprise with what you end up with at your table. You order calamari? It's probably served garnished with parsley and olive oil. You order hummus? It's probably served garnished with olive oil and a lone Kalmata olive. The only difference varying from place to place is whether it's tasty enough to be worth eating.

I'm still slightly confused about whether to recommend this place or not. I mean, they've got a few things going for them. Like I said, the first time was pretty good, and if I knew I was guaranteed that every time, I'd have no problems returning.  Megas basically comes down to this: if the place isn't busy, stop in and check it out; if they are busy, keep walking.","['geez.', 'i just cant figure it out.', ""i've been looking through what other people have said about megas, and it's all so bad...really bad."", ""i mean, they've got a few things going for them."", ""like i said, the first time was pretty good, and if i knew i was guaranteed that every time, i'd have no problems returning."", ""megas basically comes down to this: if the place isn't busy, stop in and check it out; if they are busy, keep walking.""]",36,45
138,Say Cheese,"Once upon a time I was a university student.  Without giving you an exact number of how many years it's been, I will tell you that Gap wanted everyone in khakis, pagers weren't quite obsolete, and Mambo #5 was tearing up the charts.  So thankfully a lot has changed, but two things remain, and will always remain the same, about student life.  Number one:  students are broke.  Number two:  they are hungry.  Say Cheese is going to make many U of T students very happy. 

I haven't met a grilled cheese sandwich I didn't like, and I haven't met anyone that doesn't like a grilled cheese sandwich.  That might be why so many gourmet grilled cheese places are popping up these days, but it's a risky business.  The people have spoken and they want grilled cheese sammies...but they don't want to pay a lot for them.  After all, you can make a perfectly good one at home with white bread, and cheese that's more plastic than it is dairy.  And that's where Say Cheese comes in.  Nigel Koo, part owner and operator wants to satisfy stomachs without putting a dent in wallets.  He doesn't see why he can't serve up a high quality sandwich at a low(ish) cost and have customers walking out in a lactose induced ecstasy.

It was quiet when I arrived but word wasn't really out yet, and the boys were still experimenting in their test kitchen.  I was happy to be a guinea pig.  I asked to try their most popular meat and veggie options, and this is what followed.  

I started with Indira's Pulled Pork made with Beemster.  Diners can choose to have regular cheese, such as cheddar, on their sandwich ($6.50) or upgrade to a premium choice ($8.50). My creation came topped with homemade mac & cheese (fun!) on whole wheat bread.  I only ate half as I had more coming my way, but the sandwiches here are generous, and I had to pace myself.  The different textures paired nicely, but I would have liked it more had the meat been a touch saucier, or came with something in which to dip it.

Next, came the Italian Classic.  Not that I'm taking bets, but if you put Buffalo mozzarella on anything, I will eat it.  So I was pleased when they said one of their best meatless sellers was filled with the stuff.  I like a good Margharita pizza, and this was the sandwich version.  

As if that wasn't enough (and by all dietary standards, it was more than that) I was offered their dessert sandwich.  It didn't take a lot of prodding, and went something like this;

 Nigel:  You should try our dessert option. 

 Me:  Wow, I don't know.  I'm really stuffed.  Okay.

The French Grilled Toast is like a mnage a trois between a grilled cheese, some French toast, and a piece of cheesecake. It's good.  Scary good.  Filled with ricotta, mascarpone and a berry compote, the sandwich is then dusted with turbinado sugar, and drizzled with maple syrup.  As with French toast, this needed to be eaten with a knife and fork, which probably worked in my best interest as it stopped me from inhaling it.  I will be going back for this one.  As it is now, I think about it more than anyone should think about a sandwich.

So in total I ended up eating just a little bit more than a full sandwich thanks to the few bites I had of the French toast, and I was beyond full.  So much so, that I actually skipped dinner that night. Now by my calculations, that equals two meals for the price of one, and a low price at that. This bodes well for hungry students up to their necks in debt.  

Footnote:  During the week, for a mere thirty minutes between 4:20 and 4:50 you can get yourself a sandwich and side (including soup, salad and possible ramen...) for just $4.20.","['once upon a time i was a university student.', ""without giving you an exact number of how many years it's been, i will tell you that gap wanted everyone in khakis, pagers weren't quite obsolete, and mambo #5 was tearing up the charts."", 'so thankfully a lot has changed, but two things remain, and will always remain the same, about student life.', 'now by my calculations, that equals two meals for the price of one, and a low price at that.', 'this bodes well for hungry students up to their necks in debt.', 'footnote:  during the week, for a mere thirty minutes between 4:20 and 4:50 you can get yourself a sandwich and side (including soup, salad and possible ramen...) for just $4.20.']",43,37
139,Littlefish,"As I'm writing this, I already know a lot of people are going to disagree with me. After all, the arrival of littlefish in the Junction has definitely been well received. The neighbourhood has been waiting an awfully long time for a cool, hipster-worthy brunch spot. Unfortunately, the arrival of littlefish hasn't completely filled that void just yet. They still have a few kinks to work out, but don't give up on them yet. I won't, but only because I really want to love it.

Ok. First off, this is a pretty cool restaurant. Besides the obviously brilliant name, littlefish is a great little place to grab weekend brunch. It's small, only about 8 tables or so, but that just makes it all-the-more cozier and comfortable. It's a long, narrow space filled with exposed red brick and shiny metal airducts. The daily specials, scrawled and displayed on a suspended chalkboard, are imaginative, original, and well-thought-out.

The brunch menu is pretty much what you'd expect to see. They have everything from French toast and eggs benedict to pancakes and crepes. Best of all, they seem to make everything from scratch with good ingredients.

The staff goes out of their way to be friendly and to make sure you have everything you need to feel comfortable. Constantly being checked on, I never found myself without a full cup of hot coffee, but I suppose that's sort of expected in a place that only seats about 30 people.

The thing that's not expected in a place this size is the ridiculous wait time for food. When I was there, it seemed as though everyone in the whole place waited 45 minutes to an hour for their orders to arrive; I know I definitely did. If they were understaffed, I couldn't understand it; there were at least 5 people in the exposed kitchen, none of them seeming to be moving with any sense of urgency. Definitely not understaffed here. The whole place seemed to be in a state of organized chaos. The front counter was covered with papers and dishes, and the visible part of the kitchen was overcrowded with food containers and crowded counterspaces. Organized chaos, but just barely contained.

People rave about the food here, but I really don't see it. My eggs benny was, meh, ok, but they certainly weren't anything to get excited about. They were warm but not hot, and the side of potatoes was mostly burned. My daughter had their now 'Internet famous' French toast. With burned edges on an overcrowded plate, they were even less than meh.

Make no mistake though, this place was busy. Newcomers are put on a couch to wait until a table vacates, but they are offered coffee. If you're planning on getting a table on the weekend, be prepared to wait. So why so busy? Personally, I think a lot of it has to do with the neighbourhood's lack of options. I'd be willing to bet that although littlefish may be doing well in the Junction, had they been on a more brunch heavy area, like West Queen West, they may not be doing as well as they are now.

So would I go back to littlefish? Sure. I'd like to give them another chance. I think the whole neighbourhood would. After all, the Junction needs a place like littlefish as much as littlefish needs a neighbourhood like the Junction.","[""as i'm writing this, i already know a lot of people are going to disagree with me."", 'after all, the arrival of littlefish in the junction has definitely been well received.', 'the neighbourhood has been waiting an awfully long time for a cool, hipster-worthy brunch spot.', ""i'd like to give them another chance."", 'i think the whole neighbourhood would.', 'after all, the junction needs a place like littlefish as much as littlefish needs a neighbourhood like the junction.']",39,66
140,Lil' Baci,"I'm a sucker for top-notch pizza. By top-notch, I mean pizza that is served sizzling and fresh and made with high-quality ingredients. Pizza like that is true craftsmanship; pizza like that I could eat every day. In my continuing effort to find superior pizza, I looked to Lil' Baci in Leslieville. My visit didn't disappoint me.

Lil' Baci's dining room is a decent-sized dining space, but the tables are packed pretty tight, so don't expect too much privacy. You'll likely hear everything that the table next to you is talking about. If you need to escape your neighbour table, in the warmer months you may want to check out the cute backyard patio. Comfortable, busy, and social, it's the place to be when the sun is out.

When I'm eating Italian food, I like to start off with a glass of red vino or cold Italian beer. Lil' Baci's wine list is small but thorough and their beer list offers some nice Italian choices; Moretti and Perroni are my personal favourites.

Lil' Baci has a seriously amazing dandelion greens salad.  If you've never had dandelions as food before, this would be the one to expose yourself to it. The greens are slightly bitter, but the bitterness works well topped with shaved Parmigiano, cracked black pepper, and freshly squeezed lemon. Perfect starter.

And the pizza, they do it right. Lil' Baci has a savoury and seasoned tomato sauce base that expertly compliments the four cheeses that are layered on their Quattro Fromagi; my personal favorite.  They've got some other really outstanding pizzas to choose from like the Margherita (with tomato, basil, and mozza), the Lil' Baci (with pecorino, sausage, and fennel pollen), and the Gorgonzola Dolce (with gorgonzola, Yukon gold potatoes, and caramelized onions). All of their pizzas are served on signature thin crust dough that is seared and blistered perfectly.

Lil Baci has got a really small pasta menu. Ridiculously small. There's only three items. But still, these 3 items are done perfectly. They're all made with quality ingredients and use that great tomato sauce that's on the pizza. My favorite is just the plain ole' Spaghetti and meatballs.  It's got just the right amount of fresh basil, sauce, and Parmigiano. The portion size isn't huge, but with that dandelion salad and something from their Insalata menu, it's more than enough.

Lil' Baci also has a Panino menu, which surprisingly is different from their pizza menu. I love the Panino Tonnato. Packed with Italian tuna, caper aioli, sun-dried tomatoes and arugula, it's perfectly pressed into an amazing bite.

The dessert menu has a few options, but when I was there I had a lemon prosecco tart. The crust was buttery, but a tad on the dry side. The custard-like lemon filling had a refreshing prosecco flavour, which balanced the acidity nicely.

I head to Lil' Baci when I want some decently priced Italian food and some amazing pizza. Lunch or dinner, what you end up with is a steal anywhere in the city!","[""i'm a sucker for top-notch pizza."", 'by top-notch, i mean pizza that is served sizzling and fresh and made with high-quality ingredients.', 'pizza like that is true craftsmanship; pizza like that i could eat every day.', 'the custard-like lemon filling had a refreshing prosecco flavour, which balanced the acidity nicely.', ""i head to lil' baci when i want some decently priced italian food and some amazing pizza."", 'lunch or dinner, what you end up with is a steal anywhere in the city!']",35,127
141,Aunties & Uncles,"I was here the other day for lunch and, as expected, there was a bit of a line.  That's usually a good sign, and in this case it's definitely true. But waiting for a table isn't all bad; there's lots to see in this place: kitchy cute decor and lots of memoribilia that reminded me of my childhood. When I was there, the place was cramped and full of hungry people, but everyone was in good spirits. 

When I look at the menu, i always find it difficult to make a choice. They've got a big, diverse menu with both savory and sweet items. All of it looks delicious.  

First off, I'm a vegetarian, but, like to get the breakfast pocket, sans pemeal bacon of course.  It's chock full of fluffy eggs, caramelized onions, mayo and cheddar cheese on a warm and soft onion bun. Aunties and Uncles encourages you to choose between a few sides, but I've never chose anything but the potato salad. Seriously, this stuff is good. A great combo of chunky red potatoes, dill, Dijon and spices, it's savoury and creamy. Admittedly, my food did and usually does take a bit of time to arrive, so if you go, don't go when you're in a hurry.

Fruit juices and iced teas are good choices, but I wouldn't finish off with an espresso as they may suggest. Their espresso is nothing special and just plain weak, and it certainly doesn't stand up to Manic coffee located just a few doors down. If you're craving an after-meal-caffiene-fix, I'd suggest you head over to Manic.

Aunties and Uncles loses points in service. The service staff seem a bit cold, sorta aloof, and alot grouchy, but despite if you're willing to overlook that, then this is worth a visit if you're in the College & Bathurst area.","['i was here the other day for lunch and, as expected, there was a bit of a line.', ""that's usually a good sign, and in this case it's definitely true."", ""but waiting for a table isn't all bad; there's lots to see in this place: kitchy cute decor and lots of memoribilia that reminded me of my childhood."", ""if you're craving an after-meal-caffiene-fix, i'd suggest you head over to manic."", 'aunties and uncles loses points in service.', ""the service staff seem a bit cold, sorta aloof, and alot grouchy, but despite if you're willing to overlook that, then this is worth a visit if you're in the college & bathurst area.""]",18,332
142,La Hacienda Restaurant,"Meh. You'd think that there wouldn't be much to be said about greasy Mexican food, but that doesn't seem to be true in La Hacienda's case. Not on my part though; they've got a pretty decent reputation online, particularly where weekend brunch is concerned. The Internet is full of lots of reviews, lots of check-ins, and lots of positive feedback.

I'd say most of that good stuff online about them is dead wrong. 

La Hacienda is a decent little place at first walk-in: cozy, dimly lit, the kinda place you'd expect to find on this stretch of Queen West. With a mostly-covered back patio full of comfortable seating and nicely placed greenery, it seems like the perfect place to hide on a Sunday afternoon.

But one thing is for sure, it isn't the perfect place to eat. The menu is mostly unimaginative with few signs of thought or effort. Boring chicken and beef burritos and greasy chorizo hash is what you'll be eating. Mostly everything comes with a side of their store bought corn chips and homemade salsa, but again, that salsa isn't made with any degree of love or passion for food; just a bunch of cubed tomatoes with little seasoning. La Hacienda sure doesn't have the fresh-chopped tomatoes and cilantro and killer guacamole you'd expect of a Mexican joint. This place doesn't have one dam authentic thing about it. 

Perfect for a hot, Sunday afternoon, they also serve in-house made Sangrias by the glass or pitcher. Unfortunately, they're far from perfect too. Cheap red wine, mixed with pre-frozen orange juice, and few bits of floating fruit, it's again, a big miss from the freshness most people associate with Sangrias. Call me crazy, but for 6 bucks a glass, I want some fresh-squeezed orange juice and fresh slices of orange and limes cut specifically for that purpose. I want the red wine they choose to have flavour that compliments citrus, not just whatever is laying around and recently opened.

On this particular day, La Hacienda was brutally understaffed with one server and one cook; hardly enough to accommodate the back-patio alone, nevermind the front of the place. While still friendly, the server was obviously struggling to keep everyone happy; never returning to check on how people liked their food, which I assume they didn't. She was so busy in fact, that I didnt even have the heart to tell her how crappy everything was for fear that one misguided detail like that would throw her off her game completely.

Seriously, this place is should be on your avoid list. There is absolutely nothing special, or Mexican for that matter, about it at all. It's just greasy, over-priced, 'Mexican' themed food served in a hipster shop on Queen West. If you're looking for authenticity, you've got a ton of other way-better options in this city.","['meh.', ""you'd think that there wouldn't be much to be said about greasy mexican food, but that doesn't seem to be true in la hacienda's case."", ""not on my part though; they've got a pretty decent reputation online, particularly where weekend brunch is concerned."", 'there is absolutely nothing special, or mexican for that matter, about it at all.', ""it's just greasy, over-priced, 'mexican' themed food served in a hipster shop on queen west."", ""if you're looking for authenticity, you've got a ton of other way-better options in this city.""]",25,51
143,Murrays Sandwich Emporium,"The story goes, according to the Murray's Sandwich Emporium website, that Murray is a weiner dog who loves the finer things in life. Despite the obvious assumptions, Murray does not take kindly to eating regular old hot dogs. He prefers a more delectable, refined meal. What does Murray like the most? Sandwiches, of course! In fact, he loves them so much that he  used all of his love and expertise to build a sandwich shop for his fellow sandwich lovers. Thus, Murray's Sandwich Emporium sprang to life.

I recently found myself in the exact same conundrum as Murray the dog was; I was sick of my same-ol'-same-ol' packed lunches, and I was searching for something better. I know you're thinking that sandwiches have to be the most clich lunch choice of them all, but one look at Murray's menu, and you'll know that you're in for something much different. 

There is not a huge selection (by sheer number) at Murray's, but each item is unique, and there is a decent range of combinations across the board. There are meatless, chicken, beef, fish, cheese and even sweet sandwiches, plus a decent offering of sides (note: combos and sides are extra). 

The restaurant itself is pretty simplistic. It's small, has exposed and undecorated brick walls and two large wooden tables with stools scattered around them. The chalkboard menu hangs on the wall, and there is a small refrigerator full of beverages just off to the side. It is all very subdued and quite appropriate for a sandwich shop.

I held back a bit on my first trip to Murray's. I didn't really know what to expect, how big the servings would be, and what kind of value I would find there. I decided to go with The Uncle Phil: sliced ribeye, onions, green peppers and ooey, gooey, messy, melty provolone cheese on a beautiful baguette. 

Truthfully, I thought the bread was the best part of this sandwich. I don't feel bad for discounting the meat or toppings because, for sandwiches at least, the bread is just as much a star in the meal as anything else. The baguette was clearly very fresh, they keep it tender (but crispy) and most importantly, not over or under-stuffed. The meat was tender too, but it needed a bit more oomph. The green peppers were just slightly sauted, giving them a nice crunch and, as mentioned above, the cheese was gloriously gooey. All of that was topped off with a pickle - for nine bucks!

I felt that I didn't really get the whole experience of Murray's my first time around, so on my second visit I decided to get into some side dishes. I certainly didn't hold back on my sandwich choice with The BL-Tizzy - double smoked B, of course some L and T, house-made mayo, avocado and an egg (a $1.00 add-on). I threw all of that into a combo with some onion rings and a can of pop, bringing my total to $12 plus tax. This is a bit pricey in my opinion, but considering the amount of food they give you, it's not so bad. Here again, I thought the bread stood out more than anything else. It was so fresh and tasted of near perfection. Just like The Uncle Phil, the fillings were good but, other than the sheer volume, they were fairly regular...tasty, but regular.

Overall, Murray's Sandwich Emporium offers a delicious product that is definitely over-sized and that will satisfy your hunger. Plus, they're open for lunch, dinner and late-night eats. However, as tasty as the sandwiches are, I can't say anything really blew me away. Yes, the menu item names are unique and fun and the serving sizes are huge, but nothing is really over the top. That being said, sometimes simple is best; they know what they're good at, they know how to make a good sandwich, and they're consistent. 

Good boy, Murray.","[""the story goes, according to the murray's sandwich emporium website, that murray is a weiner dog who loves the finer things in life."", 'despite the obvious assumptions, murray does not take kindly to eating regular old hot dogs.', 'he prefers a more delectable, refined meal.', 'yes, the menu item names are unique and fun and the serving sizes are huge, but nothing is really over the top.', ""that being said, sometimes simple is best; they know what they're good at, they know how to make a good sandwich, and they're consistent."", 'good boy, murray.']",37,29
144,Grindhouse Burger Bar,"I am in love...

How do I know? I paid $22 for a burger lunch and am absolutely ok with it.

Grindhouse is serious carnivore territory.

The first thing to stand out, though, was my drink. I went for my usual diet cola and I got, ""Sorry we don't have anything with aspartame."" In fact, you shouldn't go there expecting to get your go-to big brand soft drink at all. Well, well, well I better go for something really interesting then. Boylan's Birch Beer - a root beer drink, sweetened with cane sugar, with pure vanilla extract and only one preservative (sodium benzoate, typically used in soft drinks and other acidic preserves). Their amazing dedication to fresh and natural ingredients obviously did not end there.

All of the ingredients are local and fresh, the burger meat comes from naturally raised livestock and is Genetically Modified Organism, hormone and antibiotic-free. You will not find anything that has refined sugars, or artificial sweeteners (hence the lack of Coca-Cola and Pepsi on the premises). They literally prepare everything in-house. The buns are made there and they also make the ketchup and mustard themselves, right in the back kitchen. The ""fresh and never frozen"" attitude is not good enough here; if you're going to do it, do it right.

Their burger creations are unique and creative; a turkey burger with black truffles and cranberries, yes they do have a veggie burger and it's soy-free and, my choice, the black and blue burger are just a few of the menu items. I was presented with a Cajun spiced beef patty smothered in blue cheese sauce and cooked only to medium, with a side of onion rings (who was I kidding with that diet cola anyway).

If you can be sure of the meat quality, requesting a burger cooked less than well-done will give you much more flavour and a better texture. On my first bite there was an immediate rush of barbecue charcoal flavour emanating from the patty; it tasted like summertime. The blue cheese sauce was mild and, considering the Cajun description, it was spiced, not spicy. The onion rings were huge and somehow satisfyingly greasy but unbelievably crispy.

I actually don't often talk about presentation because, frankly, it's all about the taste for me. I have eaten enough beautiful yet disappointing and ugly yet amazing dishes to spend much time considering plating. However, the simple beauty of this burger and onion rings dish was lovely - just a white plate and a burger, without a toothpicked-pickle piercing the bun. Lovely.

Much like my University professors, I hesitate to give out a ""perfect"" score and I can't on good conscious say that this was the very best burger in the city, but - a big but - they gave me something pretty darn close to the best burger around and the attention paid to good, fresh and healthful ingredients truly impressed me.

Their name might be harsh and gory, but you'll find burger-fare inside that is gentle and kind to you and your body.","['i am in love...  how do i know?', 'i paid $22 for a burger lunch and am absolutely ok with it.', 'grindhouse is serious carnivore territory.', 'lovely.', 'much like my university professors, i hesitate to give out a ""perfect"" score and i can\'t on good conscious say that this was the very best burger in the city, but - a big but - they gave me something pretty darn close to the best burger around and the attention paid to good, fresh and healthful ingredients truly impressed me.', ""their name might be harsh and gory, but you'll find burger-fare inside that is gentle and kind to you and your body.""]",26,47
145,Aux Delices Cafe de Bayview,"If you are on your way to go shopping at Bayview Village, and you need to stop for a quick bite, look no further than Aux Delices Caf.

Situated at the main entrance of Bayview, now in its third year of business at the mall, and judging by the patrons that came through in our lengthy Saturday afternoon visit, this place is a hit with the locals. Being situated in a bit more of an upscale mall, Aux Delices caters to their clientele. Health conscious foodies will delight in their selection of fresh, gourmet ingredients, including Panini's, pastas, crepes, salads, and even specialties like duck l'orange and homemade gelato, just to name a few. There menu is ever changing, depending on seasonal availability, so there is always something new to try at Aux Delices.

We started our meal with the fresh manicotti and roasted mushroom caps, duck l'orange with mushroom and greens, and roasted eggplant salad. Everything tasted like fresh, home cooking. The manicotti ($6.50) was amazing, with melt-in-your-mouth ricotta, and ripe tomatoes that tasted like they were picked form the garden that morning. The stuffed Portobello mushroom cap with cheese and polenta was an awesome side dish, complementing the Italian flavours in the manicotti, but would be great as an entre on its own.

The duck l'orange was cooked perfectly, tender and succulent, the sauce was sweet and tangy, and the accompanying side salads of oyster mushrooms and greens, and roasted eggplant were in a league of their own. I would have returned just to try a sampling of all their fresh veggie salads.

Next up, a roasted vegetable Panini, recommended by our host. The yellow pepper, red onion and eggplant were soft and easy to eat, with a nice portion of goat cheese on lovely focaccia bread. Moving into crepe territory, we decided to tackle the ham and cheese crepe ($9.50), with tomatoes as well, and would go back for more. Their crepes are light and fluffy, and packed with ingredients. Even better, your crepe is made right in front of you, and you can add any ingredients you like. A fun experience for kids, too.

For those looking for the ""caf"" experience, they serve up delightful illy coffee, and Rahier desserts, that almost make you feel like you are dining in Europe. Their double espressos were great, nice and bold, and the latte was perfect, frothy and steamed to perfection. The homemade gelato was amazing. I love ice cream, and have been a latecomer to the gelato trend, but I am glad that I tried it. We sampled the chocolate, vanilla and pistachio, a must when having gelato, and they were all very well done. The vanilla and chocolate especially, both true to their flavours, with a natural, nuttier taste, rather than overtly sweet.

Aux Delices Caf offers a fabulous dining experience, and allows you to stop in for a fast and easy meal, or linger over a cup of coffee and a pastry. All of their meals are available to go, making it a great option to stop in after work for a ready-made meal.
Gourmet meals ready as soon as you order, great coffee and homemade gelato should have you stopping for a break on your next shopping trip.","['if you are on your way to go shopping at bayview village, and you need to stop for a quick bite, look no further than aux delices caf.', 'situated at the main entrance of bayview, now in its third year of business at the mall, and judging by the patrons that came through in our lengthy saturday afternoon visit, this place is a hit with the locals.', 'being situated in a bit more of an upscale mall, aux delices caters to their clientele.', 'aux delices caf offers a fabulous dining experience, and allows you to stop in for a fast and easy meal, or linger over a cup of coffee and a pastry.', 'all of their meals are available to go, making it a great option to stop in after work for a ready-made meal.', 'gourmet meals ready as soon as you order, great coffee and homemade gelato should have you stopping for a break on your next shopping trip.']",26,9
146,Prairie Girl Bakery,"Cupcakes have reached a point of utmost popularity in the world of baked goods. Why are people flocking to these brightly coloured, frosted, palm-sized desserts? Well, I'm sure there is some greater social commentary to be made here about a reversion to childhood or a need for comfort foods in our over-stressed, over-worked lives, but, in the case of Prairie Girl Bakery, it's just simply that they taste so darn good!

Walking into Prairie Girl Bakery is almost like entering a fine clothing store - everything is placed just so. The whole space is pristinely clean and clear of clutter; literally nothing exists except a counter and back-wall display. The cupcakes are kept safely behind the employees, lined up row by row waiting to be selected and boxed up. All of the focus is on their one and only product. There is no time wasted on brewing coffee, serving tea, or making sandwiches. Everything comes down to one thing: the cake and the icing.

When I first walked into the store, I thought I made a mistake. I went in to grab a dozen cupcakes for a work function and was shocked at the lack of merchandise on the shelves. I had to ask, ""was I supposed to pre-order before coming in?"" Not at all. They just take extra care to provide the freshest product possible, promising never to serve a ""day-old cupcake."" So, baking in big batches to keep the shelves stocked to the brim all day is out of the question. The team at Prairie Girl Bakery prides itself on being resourceful and limiting waste; they even take any leftover cupcakes to a local charitable organization, Toronto's Second Harvest, that is dedicated to providing realistic solutions to hunger. Are cupcakes a necessity for a charitable food organization? Of course not, but why not give where you can and provide something a bit more luxurious than canned food to those in need.

The cupcakes come in two sizes, 13 flavours, and an array of beautiful colours. You won't find any unneeded extras here, like (in)edible sugar flower toppings disguising an otherwise delectable treat. The cakes are simple and the swirls of icing are in the spotlight on top of light bases. The range of flavours include peanut butter banana, red velvet with classic cream cheese icing, chocolate-chocolate, chocolate-vanilla, chocolate-hazelnut, chocolate cake with peppermint icing, and my ultimate favourite, chocolate cake with strawberry icing. The strawberry colour was fairly mute, but the flavour was intense. Even more impressive was that the chocolate cake didn't overpower the icing or vice versa. Each deep flavour perfectly complemented the other.

A dozen mini-cupcakes come in at $18.95 and one dozen regular size at $31.95. My gluttonous side will only order the mini cupcakes from now on, allowing me to eat two or three different flavours in one sitting. However, there is something supremely gorgeous about the sight of one of their regular sized cupcakes sitting in it's very own container (complete with viewing window) waiting only for you.

Want to feel a little less guilty about completely indulging in these sinfully tasty treats? Prairie Girl Bakery's dedication to remaining as all-natural as possible streams throughout the whole operation. Not only do they use recyclable cardboard packaging, but they are absolutely free of preservatives, artificial flavours, and hydrogenated or ""trans"" fats. I'd say that's mostly healthy eating.

On one final note, I have to say that I love the mythology around this place. The story is that Prairie Girl Bakery's creator, Jean Blacklock, learned all she knew from her family back on her Saskatchewan farm. She eventually left a career in law to bring that down home prairie, old fashioned baking to us city-dwellers. I don't think there could possibly be more charm or more beauty in the simplicity of what Prairie Girl Bakery is and what they produce.","['cupcakes have reached a point of utmost popularity in the world of baked goods.', 'why are people flocking to these brightly coloured, frosted, palm-sized desserts?', ""well, i'm sure there is some greater social commentary to be made here about a reversion to childhood or a need for comfort foods in our over-stressed, over-worked lives, but, in the case of prairie girl bakery, it's just simply that they taste so darn good!"", ""the story is that prairie girl bakery's creator, jean blacklock, learned all she knew from her family back on her saskatchewan farm."", 'she eventually left a career in law to bring that down home prairie, old fashioned baking to us city-dwellers.', ""i don't think there could possibly be more charm or more beauty in the simplicity of what prairie girl bakery is and what they produce.""]",36,123
147,Coquine Restaurant,"Coquine Restaurant serves up an excellent weekend brunch, with all the charm and flavour of a European patio caf. The restaurant is decked out art-deco style, with lots of white tile, dark wood and vintage posters lining the walls. Coquine boasts several large dining rooms and a quaint patio, perfect for people watching or a leisurely meal. A large group of us descended on Coquine one Sunday morning for a late brunch, and found the menu to be both classic and eclectic. Let me explain. .

Traditional Sunday morning brunch normally sees a line-up of the usuals; pancakes, omelets and waffles. While Coquine serves up all of these items, they do it all with a pronounced French flavour, not afraid of adding a little gourmet to your breakfast.  Coquine's wonderful Apple Jack's ($11) offers up a stack of fluffy pancakes, topped with delectable caramelized apple and maple syrup. The delightful Vanilla French Toast ($12) is flavoured with fresh vanilla bean and served with a berry compote and Chambord. The Steak Frites ($19) were delicious, and came with a side of Parmesan truffle fries and mayo. While you may not be able to fly to Paris for weekend brunch, you can certainly enjoy the savoury French-style cuisine just south of Yonge and Eglinton.

Everyone found their meals to be excellent, and I can personally attest to both the quality and quantity of the wild mushroom and shallot Quiche with chvre ($14). Coffee (and Bailey's) was always available, and attentive extras like water for the group, and non-stop breadbaskets make the service at Coquine both pleasant and under-stated.

Overall, the value for meals was very good, as portions were large, and fit for sharing. Both the hostess and the server were polite and attentive, but never obvious. With an excellent location between Davisville and Eglinton subway stops, and great food and service, Coquine should be on your list as a must-try for weekend brunch.","['coquine restaurant serves up an excellent weekend brunch, with all the charm and flavour of a european patio caf.', 'the restaurant is decked out art-deco style, with lots of white tile, dark wood and vintage posters lining the walls.', 'coquine boasts several large dining rooms and a quaint patio, perfect for people watching or a leisurely meal.', 'overall, the value for meals was very good, as portions were large, and fit for sharing.', 'both the hostess and the server were polite and attentive, but never obvious.', 'with an excellent location between davisville and eglinton subway stops, and great food and service, coquine should be on your list as a must-try for weekend brunch.']",17,128
148,Nuthouse,"If the word 'bulk' conjers up images of dusty old ethnic shop food bins or soulless Bulk Barns, then you need to check out Nuthouse for a second opinion. Sitting in a little space out in the Bloor and Lansdowne, Nuthouse has established itself with Blansdowne locals as the best place around to pick up all sorts of interesting products.

First thing you'll notice about Nuthouse is that it smells good...it smells really good...it smells like an incredibly nice mix of high-quality nuts, cereals, grains, teas, dried fruit, lentils, dried fruit, spices, cake, and coffee. It's a smell that right away makes you feel comfortable and assures you that what you're getting is filled with quality. Don't expect to see the typical bulk fare with hundreds of bins full of overly processed and mass-produced stuff; you're in the wrong place for that sorta thing. Nuthouse is full of nothing but always high quality and sometimes organic products.

Ok. That might not be the very first thing you notice. Chances are, if you're walking down Bloor looking for this place, or even if you're not looking for it, the first thing you'll notice won't even be inside the store; it'll be the big, plastic walnut hanging above the front doorway. That big walnut has become somewhat of a landmark item on this stretch of Bloor, even though they've only been in business for a few months.

Nuthouse isn't just about nuts. They carry all sorts of things, from organic candy and fair-trade coffee to raw cereals and handmade soap. And its healthy too. A lot of the stuff they carry is the sugar-free, vegan, raw, organic type of stuff, which makes it a super option for more health conscious people. And if you have dietary restrictions, Nuthouse has got you covered too with tons of gluten and wheat free products, like their spiced carrot cake. If that's your bag and you live in the area, you no longer need to travel far to get these kinda things.

Personally, when I think of organic or locally-sourced or handmade or any other related adjective used to describe stuff in a store like this, I unfortunately also think 'expensive'. At Nuthouse though, that really isn't the case. The prices are actually fairly down-to-earth and mostly afforable. In fact, a lot of the products they sell are actually cheaper than the bulk stuff you find at No Frills, with an obvious element of quality you may not find at bigger places. 

Wanting to try out interesting varieties of stuff you already love, like lentils or rice or yes, even nuts? Nuthouse has got you covered. They carry a ton of different kinds, some of which you probably didn't even know existed. And that brings up one of the best things about buying in bulk in a place like this: you can buy in smaller amounts purely just because you want to try something. Buying in bulk doesn't have to be about being able to get more for less, it's about being able to also get, well, just less. The fact that Nuthouse just happens to make it also affordable is just the icing on the organic carrot cake.","[""if the word 'bulk' conjers up images of dusty old ethnic shop food bins or soulless bulk barns, then you need to check out nuthouse for a second opinion."", 'sitting in a little space out in the bloor and lansdowne, nuthouse has established itself with blansdowne locals as the best place around to pick up all sorts of interesting products.', ""first thing you'll notice about nuthouse is that it smells good...it smells really good...it smells like an incredibly nice mix of high-quality nuts, cereals, grains, teas, dried fruit, lentils, dried fruit, spices, cake, and coffee."", 'and that brings up one of the best things about buying in bulk in a place like this: you can buy in smaller amounts purely just because you want to try something.', ""buying in bulk doesn't have to be about being able to get more for less, it's about being able to also get, well, just less."", 'the fact that nuthouse just happens to make it also affordable is just the icing on the organic carrot cake.']",25,16
149,Famoso Neapolitan,"Walk in to Famoso's new Annex location and there is no mistaking the kind of restaurant you have entered: a popular, loud hang out for students, families and friends alike. It's a casual place with daily deals (movies, cheap wine on Wednesdays, etc.), TVs showing Blue Jays' games and young staff working feverishly to keep up with the sit-in and take-out clientele.  It's got a pleasant, relaxed vibe and people seemed to be rather enjoying themselves.

Once seated in our booth, we perused the menu and our lovely server explained how the restaurant works: you write down your order on the notepad provided, bring it up to the counter and hand it in. You can either pay right away or begin a tab. Any subsequent orders can be placed through the wait staff. I assume this method is effective for those in a hurry, but it did seem a little odd considering how often our server checked in on us. She also expounded upon the ""red sauce"" pizzas made with Campania tomato sauce, fior-de-latte mozzarella, basil and pecorino romano cheese. (The ""white sauce""pizzas are made with a garlic and olive oil sauce instead of the tomatoes.)

We opted for the prosciutto-wrapped mozzarella balls for an appetizer, the funghi tartufo and San Andreas pizzas and, for dessert, the dolce and banana dish. As with any self-respecting pizza place, they had San Pellegrino on the menu so got an Aranciata (my fave) and a Limonata. My dining companion kindly took the order the counter while I scoped out the huge place before me. Famoso has really nice exposed brick walls, comfortable booths and, by my count, at least three staff members per table. There are a lot of eyes on tables and not much gets missed. The staff is universally nice, if perhaps inexperienced. It lacked a certain finesse, but made up for it in sweet charm.

Our appetizer arrived and I'm glad we asked for salt, pepper and chili flakes. The mozzarella balls were tasty, but the red sauce (which would appear later on our funghi pizza) was very, very sweet. For my liking, too sweet.  A dash of salt and some chili flakes were necessary and helped considerably. I was hoping for crispier prosciutto, too; as a start to the meal, it was pretty average. If you're going to get an appetizer, I would recommend you try a salad. They looked fresh and tasty.

Our funghi  tartufo pizza arrived fairly shortly afterward. It consisted of roasted white mushrooms, oyster mushrooms, truffle oil and parmiggiano reggiano.  Again, it was better with the salt and chili flakes.  The crusts at Famoso are a bit thicker than is the trend right now, but I liked the chewier texture. I only wish that this pizza had been left in the 900-degree oven a little longer as it needed a little more crispiness to counter the soft, melting cheese that was starting to soak through the crust. (A note: I took a slice of this one home and had it two days later. I have to say, it tasted much better as a leftover!)

Our second pizza - the San Andreas - was a ""New World Pizza"" with a white sauce, chili-lime marinated chicken and fresh mozzarella. It was then baked and topped with avocado slices, diced roma tomatoes, onion, cilantro, a drizzle of cream and a lime wedge. Certainly not traditional, but pretty darned tasty. The pizza seemed to have stayed in the oven just that little bit longer and had that nice char on the bottom. The lime juice provided a bright flavour and the chicken was tender. (I'd have liked a little more chicken, but that's a bit of a nitpick. It was a good pizza.) Were I to go back, I would steer my companions toward it if they wanted to try something a little different.

Finally, dessert. This was my favourite dish of the four we tried. A long, rectangular plate of roasted bananas coated in caramelized brown sugar, topped with pecans and caramel sauce and a scoop of ice cream in the middle arrived at the table and my eyes widened. This looked and smelled fantasti and tasted even better. The bananas were piping hot and creamy and contrasted beautifully with the crunch of the sugar and the chill of the ice cream. That dish was devoured in what had to be record time.

Overall, Famoso is...fine. There isn`t anything in particular that stands out but there isn't anything egregiously wrong with it, either.  It caters to a wide variety of tastes so it is sure to be a good option if you are going out with a group with varying tastes or dietary restrictions or preferences. Do not bother with the prosciutto-wrapped mozzarella balls, but do not skip dessert.","[""walk in to famoso's new annex location and there is no mistaking the kind of restaurant you have entered: a popular, loud hang out for students, families and friends alike."", ""it's a casual place with daily deals (movies, cheap wine on wednesdays, etc."", ""), tvs showing blue jays' games and young staff working feverishly to keep up with the sit-in and take-out clientele."", ""there isn`t anything in particular that stands out but there isn't anything egregiously wrong with it, either."", 'it caters to a wide variety of tastes so it is sure to be a good option if you are going out with a group with varying tastes or dietary restrictions or preferences.', 'do not bother with the prosciutto-wrapped mozzarella balls, but do not skip dessert.']",49,141
150,Passione Italiana Ristorante,"La Passione is a dimly lit and intimately decorated restaurant on Yonge, just south of St. Clair, where you can get your fill of any and all your Italian favourites and a (huge) glass of wine.
Their extensive menu holds everything from Calamari Fritti, Insalata Arugula, Papparedelle al Salmone and Penna alla Vodka to Gnocchi with a choice of four sauces, Pollo alla Jolly (chicken in rose sauce) and Margherita pizza (a simple delight of mozzarella, olive oil and oregano).

La Passione balances the traditional with some modern comforts; you can peruse the thorough and interactive website and check out their Facebook page, then go and grab a classic white-clothed, candle-lit table and dip your focaccia in olive oil and balsamic before ordering gluten-free or whole wheat pasta.

The atmosphere is warm and inviting and, as I found out while waiting for my dinner guests who were running late, it is a very comfortable space to sit and relax with a glass of red.

From start to finish, it was delightful. For such a moderately-priced Italian restaurant, they surely hold their own.

I was ecstatic to find that my penne side dish with the Pollo alla Fiorentina - chicken sauted with spinach and sun-dried tomatoes in smooth and rich cream sauce - could be replaced with tender gnocchi. I truly could eat pasta every day, but gnocchi is my new favourite indulgence. I'm on the hunt for the best in the city and will devour any potato pasta nugget that comes my way in the process.

The veal Marsala entree is adorned with tons of sauted mushrooms, the vegetables were cut large and almost put the roasted potatoes to shame; it was true Italian comfort food.
And as for the Papparedelle al Salmone, the wide threads of pasta are covered all over with a pink Salmon-infused cream sauce. Rich and smooth, this was definitely the star of our table.

Personally, I can't go to an Italian restaurant that has Tartufo on the menu and not order it - no matter how full dinner has left me. A few flavours are offered, but I finally landed on Tartufo Royale, a tart and sweet pairing of raspberry and chocolate ice creams covered in cocoa and drizzled with chocolate sauce. I also happened to snag a scoop of pistachio gelato, but it didn't hold a candle to the aforementioned chocolate indulgence.

La Passione was a nice surprise, with entrees coming in around $15-$20 and a wide-range of choices on the menu, it is sure to satisfy. They also occasionally post deals on Groupon - it makes for the perfect opportunity to get out and try something new.","['la passione is a dimly lit and intimately decorated restaurant on yonge, just south of st. clair, where you can get your fill of any and all your italian favourites and a (huge) glass of wine.', 'their extensive menu holds everything from calamari fritti, insalata arugula, papparedelle al salmone and penna alla vodka to gnocchi with a choice of four sauces, pollo alla jolly (chicken in rose sauce) and margherita pizza (a simple delight of mozzarella, olive oil and oregano).', 'la passione balances the traditional with some modern comforts; you can peruse the thorough and interactive website and check out their facebook page, then go and grab a classic white-clothed, candle-lit table and dip your focaccia in olive oil and balsamic before ordering gluten-free or whole wheat pasta.', ""i also happened to snag a scoop of pistachio gelato, but it didn't hold a candle to the aforementioned chocolate indulgence."", 'la passione was a nice surprise, with entrees coming in around $15-$20 and a wide-range of choices on the menu, it is sure to satisfy.', 'they also occasionally post deals on groupon - it makes for the perfect opportunity to get out and try something new.']",17,20
151,La Rev,"La Revolucion is amazing! Well no, it isn't, but that's exactly how I wanted to start this off. Man, I really wanted to love this place. La Revolucion just looks so dam cool, that I figured the whole experience was going to be amazing. When I was first drawn by the interesting front stained-glass window and poked my head inside to look around, I figured that in no-time-at-all, there'd be a lineup to get in. Sadly, I don't think that's going to be the case anytime soon.

La Revolucion is a Mexican restaurant, but at first glance, it certainly doesn't scream Mexican; after eating there, I'm not even sure that's what they're going for. It's a sparsely decorated joint that for some reason--at least while I was there--feels the need to distance themselves even more from their Mexican roots by blasting annoyingly loud rave music. I mean, their food is the typical, standard Mexican fare you'd expect, like enchiladas and tacos and burritos, but other than that and the few Mexican-esque decorations, there wasn't much Mexican about it at all.

They're heavily pushing the banditos aspect of Mexican culture, which is actually a pretty cool gimic in my eyes. While I get the whole concept of banditos and revolution, it seemed as though La Revolucion fell a little short of their delivery of the theme. While what little decor they have there is mostly bandito-related, the rest of the theme is left to interpretation. La Revolucion does feel as though they're finding their identity, but they have a lot of difficulty conveying what that identity is exactly to their guests. Sitting there, it doesn't feel as though you were part of the revolution, it feels as though you're interrupting them while they plan it, and they can't wait for you to leave so they can get back down to business.

Presentation isn't their strong point either. They haphazardly slap the food down on the plate, without much concern for appearances. My enchiladas were slightly warm and covered in tasteless green salsa; my burrito was humungous, but it was bland and not nearly warm enough. When I asked for hot sauce, because it was nowhere to be found, I got a small ramekin with some sort of sauce, but it's details remained a mystery that was left for me to find out with no explanation from the server, and while you're waiting for that stuff to all arrive, there's no offer of chips and salsa or even water for that matter, which would have definitely improved the experience.

Interestingly enough, before this place was a Mexican place it was, well, a Mexican place. Whoever it is that owns it probably just decided it was time to rebrand, and while that may have been a great idea on their part, the execution of their new brand and concept needs some polishing because it's hard to tell exactly what the concept is. La Revolucion may be a restaurant, but a revolution it is not.","['la revolucion is amazing!', ""well no, it isn't, but that's exactly how i wanted to start this off."", 'man, i really wanted to love this place.', 'interestingly enough, before this place was a mexican place it was, well, a mexican place.', ""whoever it is that owns it probably just decided it was time to rebrand, and while that may have been a great idea on their part, the execution of their new brand and concept needs some polishing because it's hard to tell exactly what the concept is."", 'la revolucion may be a restaurant, but a revolution it is not.']",21,49
152,Liberty Village Rotisserie Grill,"The Rotisserie House is a family-run, Portuguese barbeque (or Churrasqueira) restaurant in the Liberty Village area. Like most places owned and run by families, this restaurant is small, a bit cluttered with a mishmash of dcor and, no matter the number of other patrons there at the time, has a staff that makes you feel like the centre of attention.

They happen to be closed on the weekend, but from Monday to Thursday they are open from 11:00 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. and Fridays from 11:00 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. The hours are slightly odd, but it makes for a great lunch spot, especially for those like me who tend to take lunch anytime between about noon and 3:00 p.m.

They offer a variety of chicken dishes, a number of different sides and even one vegetarian option. You can get a 1/4 or 1/2 rotisserie chicken dinner - white meat or dark meat - with a choice of two small sides for $6.50 - $10.00. For an additional $0.99 (small) or $1.98 (double) you can get a side of onion rings, Greek or Caesar salad.

The menu itself is pretty huge and is filled with quite a few options. The regular roster of sides, for example, includes Portuguese rice, roasted Parisian potatoes, steamed vegetables, French fries, garden salad or potato wedges. Mains include the abovementioned chicken combos, rib combos, a variety of salads and soups, chicken wings and fingers and sandwiches, like pulled chicken, grilled vegetable, grilled chicken, pork or sausage. They even offer catering.

I decided upon the pulled chicken sandwich with a side of Parisian potatoes. The pulled chicken is topped with their ""famous"" hot sauce, served on a white or whole wheat Kaiser and is dressed with mayo, lettuce and tomato. All of this, with a drink, came in at about $9.

One of my all-time favourite side dishes are those lemony, roasted potatoes available at most Greek restaurants. Well, The Rotisserie House's Parisian roasted potatoes are a close second. They are red, probably from Paprika, and just a bit fiery from the restaurant's signature hot sauce. The pulled chicken sandwich was flavourful, tender and also had the same red hue from the sauce.

I do enjoy spicy foods, though I am a bit of a wimp. This restaurant's hot sauce had a great kick and a good flavour, but it won't burn your mouth to the point that you can't taste anything else. This is really important, since they throw the hot sauce on their dishes, whether it's requested or not. Don't fret too much about all the spice if you're grabbing lunch and heading back to the office, you can buy a pack of gum here too!

Considering the size of this restaurant, I was quite surprised by the number of items they have on the menu. It was not overly busy when I walked in, so everything went very smoothly as far as timing and service went. The staff is extremely friendly, but very small, so I am curious to see what happens when it gets really busy. However, they seem to have it all figured out.

If I lived closer to Liberty Village, I could see this being a regular staple for me for a quick lunch, or to grab some dinner on the way home from work. The prices are reasonable, the food tastes good and it's quick and satisfying.","['the rotisserie house is a family-run, portuguese barbeque (or churrasqueira) restaurant in the liberty village area.', 'like most places owned and run by families, this restaurant is small, a bit cluttered with a mishmash of dcor and, no matter the number of other patrons there at the time, has a staff that makes you feel like the centre of attention.', 'they happen to be closed on the weekend, but from monday to thursday they are open from 11:00 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. and fridays from 11:00 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. the hours are slightly odd, but it makes for a great lunch spot, especially for those like me who tend to take lunch anytime between about noon and 3:00 p.m.  they offer a variety of chicken dishes, a number of different sides and even one vegetarian option.', 'however, they seem to have it all figured out.', 'if i lived closer to liberty village, i could see this being a regular staple for me for a quick lunch, or to grab some dinner on the way home from work.', ""the prices are reasonable, the food tastes good and it's quick and satisfying.""]",26,41
153,Dark Horse,"The most common praise of Dark Horse is its patio; the most common complaint about Dark Horse is its lack of service on the patio...

If you've been to Bloor West Village, you know that there aren't a lot of patios in the neighbourhood, and any patio that you do find is likely going to be small, cramped, and full of people. With the exception of the Firkin on Runnymede, Dark Horse has one of the biggest and best outdoor spaces in the village to drink pints, people watch or eat burgers and fries.

But, as many people have pointed out before me, the service can range anywhere from slow to crappy when you're sitting out there. While you're waiting, you may even be waiting so long for service that you'll feel compelled to go inside and get your own drinks, which causes the server to give you attitude when she eventually gets to your table, which causes you to feel uncomfortable; you see the vicious circle taking shape here...

All-in-all, the food at Dark Horse isn't half bad. Granted, they aren't going to win any awards anytime soon, but for pub food that goes well with a few drinks, it's pretty decent. While some of the food, like the calamari and nachos, is previously frozen and highly unimaginative, other items, like their Village Burger or fish and chips, are clearly made in-house and truly tasty. They also serve a weekend brunch that is worth checking out, but expect to wait for a table; it fills up quickly with the neighbourhood locals.

All of the expected draft options are here...I think. Truth-be-told, the server never actually rattled off the draft list to us in the limited time she spent at our table. Luckily, there were a few beer-branded signs in the patio, which makes the process a little easier, but a lot less convenient.

Dark Horse's problems are easily fixable; they just need a bit more staff. Trust me, sit back on the patio, have a pint, and watch them work. It'll quickly become obvious that they're understaffed. Another server or two during their busier times, and Dark Horse could be fantastic.

Truth be told, it's just a pub, and a fairly average one at that. If you're in a hurry, you may want to avoid this place, but if you've got some time to kill and want to soak up some sun on a patio, Dark Horse provides nicely.","[""the most common praise of dark horse is its patio; the most common complaint about dark horse is its lack of service on the patio...  if you've been to bloor west village, you know that there aren't a lot of patios in the neighbourhood, and any patio that you do find is likely going to be small, cramped, and full of people."", 'with the exception of the firkin on runnymede, dark horse has one of the biggest and best outdoor spaces in the village to drink pints, people watch or eat burgers and fries.', ""but, as many people have pointed out before me, the service can range anywhere from slow to crappy when you're sitting out there."", 'another server or two during their busier times, and dark horse could be fantastic.', ""truth be told, it's just a pub, and a fairly average one at that."", ""if you're in a hurry, you may want to avoid this place, but if you've got some time to kill and want to soak up some sun on a patio, dark horse provides nicely.""]",16,39
154,The Central,"Located in the Annex, in the middle of Mirvish Village, The Central is a bar, a restaurant, and a live music venue.  The dimly lit house-turned-restaurant with the splendidly seamy vibe immediately and completely tugged at my heart strings.  I loved the rickety setting and little details like the ""Draught: Use Your Eyes"" sign behind the bar.

But, as with any new love, first impressions can often deceive you; The Central played with my emotions.  The menu - and be warned the online menu is not what you will find when you arrive there - has so much potential and I very much wanted the food to live up to my expectations.  My party of three shared grilled calamari with side of salad greens in a light citrus dressing, followed by entrees of grilled mushroom salad with shrimp, a grilled vegetable sandwich with sweet potato fries, and a cheesesteak sandwich with Tom Yum soup, all of which (with three beers) came in at just over $60.

The menu items are not very risky, but still need to be done carefully to be successful.  As much as I wanted everything to come out perfectly, it simply did not.  First of all, the calamari was a very large serving - so far, so good.  But, in grilling it whole, the tips became overcooked and the centre remained undercooked, and there was a hint of burnt charcoal flavour.  The grilled vegetables were also overcooked, producing an all-over brown hue, making them completely lose their individuality.  The cheesesteak had the right flavour, but again, the beef was slightly overcooked and chewy.  Finally, after looking forward to trying one of the desserts in hopes for menu-redemption, like the candied strawberries or the ever-infamous deep fried Mars bars, we were told that all they had available was ice cream.  Not so impressive.

While the main dishes and lack of desserts were disappointing, I do have to commend them on a couple of things.  All of the side dishes were on-point; the dressing on both the calamari dish, and the mushroom salad were light, flavourful and had a good citrus tang; the sweet potato fries were crispy, and came with a side of a creamy cinnamon dip that was a great alternative to regular ketchup; and the Tom Yum soup was hot, spicy, and a great choice for a chilly December night.

I have decided that The Central could very well become a favourite spot of mine for drinks, and maybe appetizers, but is just not an ideal choice for a full dinner.  The venue itself is one that you should check out, and I expect it is only better when the patio is open in the summer.  If you don't want to sit in the main bar to listen to the band they have a cozy lounge space upstairs that can be rented for private parties.  Also, they clearly take pride in the beverage menu, especially the beer choices.  When we had some trouble deciding on a pint, we were offered a sample of a new label on tap called Netherworld, a Flying Monkey brew, which is similar to the popular Mill St. Tankhouse Ale.

I give them an A+ for atmosphere, but only a gold star-for-effort on the menu.","['located in the annex, in the middle of mirvish village, the central is a bar, a restaurant, and a live music venue.', 'the dimly lit house-turned-restaurant with the splendidly seamy vibe immediately and completely tugged at my heart strings.', 'i loved the rickety setting and little details like the ""draught: use your eyes"" sign behind the bar.', 'also, they clearly take pride in the beverage menu, especially the beer choices.', 'when we had some trouble deciding on a pint, we were offered a sample of a new label on tap called netherworld, a flying monkey brew, which is similar to the popular mill st. tankhouse ale.', 'i give them an a+ for atmosphere, but only a gold star-for-effort on the menu.']",22,43
155,Everest Cafe & Bar,"Wanting to try something new, and looking for a cool place to go for pre-Yuk-Yuks dinner and drinks, my friend and I decided to try out Everest Restaurant on Queen West.

What seemed to be a quiet Saturday evening when we first arrived at 7pm, quickly turned into a fairly busy ""club"" like dining experience. And Everest is certainly dressed to impress. The restaurant feels both sexy and modern, with dark mood lighting, clean lines, comfortable and cozy booth seating, and an eclectic playlist/DJ, depending on what night you are in. With a great view of Queen West for people watching, and MuchMusic across the street, the atmosphere, music and style of the restaurant blend in perfectly with the locals.

I was very excited to try a new place with an interesting food theme, something a little different from the usual weekend dinner and drinks, and hoping to find a new ""go-to"" place for a fun and creative meal. I secured reservations before our arrival, however, we were greeted with a bit of a frosty reception, waved to an area in the front of the room, and told I could sit wherever I wanted. Unorthodox, maybe, but sit we did!
Putting the hostesses' indifference behind us, we decided to delve straight into the wine menu, and with a little help from our server, selected the Beringer Cabernet Sauvignon Knights Valley, a California vintage from 2009 for about $40. The wine was excellent, and I found the wine menu to be well priced for the quality of wines on the list.

The dinner menu ($15-$20) presents a somewhat more challenging predicament. Filled with Tibetan and Indian dishes, along side the same old North American stand-by of pasta and sandwiches, I found myself unsure if this was a Tibetan restaurant, or your average Italian eatery all dressed up. It's not that I mind an eclectic menu, in fact I appreciate one, however when venturing out to try a new type of cuisine (in this case, Tibetan), one wants to be sure that the restaurant is absolutely committed to their craft, and have their ""specialty cuisine"" down pat. Thus, I was unsure of whether venturing into the momas (Tibetan dumplings) and sha-momo (spinach and beef), or the fettuccine alfredo was the better option.

After some quality deliberation between the Tibet/North America paradox, I decided to try a platter, a mix of several different Tibetan style foods, to allow myself to experience as much of the cuisine as possible. The menu seemed heavy on potatoes, stewed meats and rice, so I decided to try almost all of the above. The stewed potatoes were good, cooked just right, but tasted much like something I could make at home, no real special spice or flavour that made me feel like I was trying something exotic. The rice was cooked with raisins, which just didn't do it for me, and was a little bland.  My meal was served with steamed Tibetan vegetables (broccoli and carrots), which aside from not seeming exceptionally Tibetan to me, were surprisingly good. An interesting side note, both of our meals were served with naan bread, which really was just pita bread from my estimation. Overall, I was fairly underwhelmed by my choice. My friend ordered the butter chicken on rice with naan bread (same problem), and said that she enjoyed her meal. The butter chicken looked and tasted pretty standard to me, so that must be a good thing, but neither of us could really wrap our heads around the lack on naan bread at restaurant serving Indian food. 

While I thoroughly enjoyed Everest restaurant for its attention to the design dcor and ambience, I was definitely a little disappointed with my first foray into Tibetan food. I think the next time we decide to go out for Tibetan style cuisine, we will try ""Little Tibet"" further down Queen Street.","['wanting to try something new, and looking for a cool place to go for pre-yuk-yuks dinner and drinks, my friend and i decided to try out everest restaurant on queen west.', 'what seemed to be a quiet saturday evening when we first arrived at 7pm, quickly turned into a fairly busy ""club"" like dining experience.', 'and everest is certainly dressed to impress.', 'the butter chicken looked and tasted pretty standard to me, so that must be a good thing, but neither of us could really wrap our heads around the lack on naan bread at restaurant serving indian food.', 'while i thoroughly enjoyed everest restaurant for its attention to the design dcor and ambience, i was definitely a little disappointed with my first foray into tibetan food.', 'i think the next time we decide to go out for tibetan style cuisine, we will try ""little tibet"" further down queen street.']",25,45
156,Holy Oak,"Despite it's seemingly religious name, this Blansdowne cafe has nothing to do religion. It's a little cafe chock-full of character and a cool, homey-sorta vibe. You know the type of place I'm talking about: mismatched plates and cutlery on the tables, Value Village-esque paintings and pictures on the walls, slightly damaged panelling on the ceiling. It sorta looks like one day someone decided: 'Well, we have a stove. Why don't we open a restaurant?' It seems random, but truthfully, it doesn't matter all that much. If anything, those details make it better and much more comfortable.

There really isn't that much for food here. They've got a couple of items that are fairly easy for the lone person working to make when the place gets busy, which it definitely does. Mostly it's just the standard pressed sandwich kind of thing. No soup, no fries, no salad, as a side anyways. The friendly guy working there told me that it's not that kinda place. He said that it's mostly a cafe and a place to drink booze.

The menu is up on a chalkboard, and like I mentioned, it mostly has pressed sandwiches, like grilled cheese with apples and Tandoori chicken stuffed Naan bread. The sandwiches certainly aren't bad, but sadly, the majority of the stuff they make seems to have been brought in with little of it made in-house, like the Naan bread. The Naan was the kinda stuff pressed and packaged somewhere distant, and then bought at some grocery retail giant. It definitely would have been better if they worked with someone local to get some truly authentic stuff. They do have quite a few baked goods too. I'm not sure if those were made in-house or not, but they look nice next to a cup of the great coffee they serve.

I've seen some pictures of brunch items at Holy Oak, like eggs Benny, but based on when I was there I couldn't see that happening. Maybe they do bring someone in on the weekends to cook, but they guy working never mentioned it to me when I asked him about the food or the limited menu.

I went during the week for lunch, and this little place was pretty packed. Mostly with twenty and thirty somethings in front of laptops. It seems like a pretty cool place to work for those of us that frequent coffee shops for that sorta thing, because there really isn't much else in the neighborhood that offers it. It's cozy and comfortable, and I could easily see myself sitting there with a coffee, comfortably typing away.

Holy Cafe is a neat place, but it certainly doesn't warrant a big trip to get to it. If you happen to be in the neighborhood and you're looking for a comfortable place to soak up WiFi and get a decent cup of coffee, Holy Oak can definitely provide. But it doesn't offer much more than that.","[""despite it's seemingly religious name, this blansdowne cafe has nothing to do religion."", ""it's a little cafe chock-full of character and a cool, homey-sorta vibe."", ""you know the type of place i'm talking about: mismatched plates and cutlery on the tables, value village-esque paintings and pictures on the walls, slightly damaged panelling on the ceiling."", ""holy cafe is a neat place, but it certainly doesn't warrant a big trip to get to it."", ""if you happen to be in the neighborhood and you're looking for a comfortable place to soak up wifi and get a decent cup of coffee, holy oak can definitely provide."", ""but it doesn't offer much more than that.""]",28,53
157,The Kennedy Public House,"Sharkey's is no more! And thank God for that. I mean, I know the restaurant options in Bloor West Village are limited, but I really have no idea how that place hung on for as long as it did. With horrible service, brutal food, and staff that spent more time admiring themselves in the mirror than their customers, they created a place that was meant to be avoided. Yet somehow, it managed to exist on that corner for years.

So, imagine my surprise when I saw the beautiful sight of a building permit and brown construction paper covering their windows one day...

A few months later, The Kennedy Public House was born. And boy-oh-boy, this place is exactly what  BWV needs. BWV is virtually void of restaurants serving great food. Ok, so there's earth and Dr. Generosity, but other than that, your choices are pretty limited compared to the tons of options available to other Toronto neighbourhoods. That's why seeing something as untraditional in BWV as The Kennedy is such a welcoming sight.

The Kennedy has a cool vibe that, if you know the neighbourhood, you wouldn't expect to see there. It seems oddly out-of-place while at the same time seems oddly comfortable being there. With a laboriously nice interior space, the entire design is well-thought out a nice to be in. But surprisingly, The Kennedy isn't just nice to look at; it also has exceptionally good food.

The Kennedy's menu doesn't serve your typical pub grub; it's much more imaginative than that. Non-traditional items, like polenta burgers, calamari po'boy sandwiches, and pork belly casoulet easily compliment more traditional pub fare, like wings, macaroni and cheese, and thin crust pizzas. Their menu does a fantastic job of covering everyone while still remaining concise and well-thought out.
Working with a number of local businesses, the Kennedy also proudly sources bread and meats from places you're probably familiar with, like Cobs bread and Wellington County Beef. Nice. I've always found that knowing where the food comes from somehow makes it taste better.

One other thing worth mentioning: The Kennedy has unisex bathrooms. And they've incorporated them into the place really nicely, except for the hand-dryer. The bathroom hand-dryer must be the loudest dam one in the entire free-world. If you happen to be sitting in the back-half of the restaurant, it might even ruin your experience. Hopefully they'll turn to either cloth or paper towels, or they'll just find one that is quieter.

Keep in mind though, if you're looking for a relaxing experience, this isn't the place. With strollers and screaming babies during the day that makes it resemble a Montesorri school, and lineups and loud music in the evening that makes it resemble something at John and Adelaide, The Kennedy doesn't provide a quite and relaxing experience; what they do provide is a killer take on the food you wouldn't expect to find in a typical public house.","[""sharkey's is no more!"", 'and thank god for that.', 'i mean, i know the restaurant options in bloor west village are limited, but i really have no idea how that place hung on for as long as it did.', ""hopefully they'll turn to either cloth or paper towels, or they'll just find one that is quieter."", ""keep in mind though, if you're looking for a relaxing experience, this isn't the place."", ""with strollers and screaming babies during the day that makes it resemble a montesorri school, and lineups and loud music in the evening that makes it resemble something at john and adelaide, the kennedy doesn't provide a quite and relaxing experience; what they do provide is a killer take on the food you wouldn't expect to find in a typical public house.""]",27,107
158,The Rebel House,"As a group of new Toronto recruits, we decided to try out Rebel House at the suggestion of one of my coworkers. An easy walk from the Rosedale subway stop, we went the evening of the Stanley Cup final, expecting the place to be packed, but managed to find comfortable high-top seating, and friendly service, amidst a fairly busy night.

The Rebel House is a small pub, with a quaint upstairs section, where we sat. Several TV's aired the hockey game, and there was an eclectic mix of people, some older, into their 50's, but predominantly a mix of twenty and thirtysomething young professionals and students.

The menu is varied, but small, although they offer a revolving door of several daily specials that seem to be based on season and availability, which is always a good bet.

My dining partner decided to go with the daily special Mussels ($14), absolutely delicious in a white wine and garlic sauce, with toasted garlic bread. I ordered the Spicy Spinach Cheese Pennies ($10), small appetizer-sized cheese patties, with nary a spinach leaf in sight...nor were they spicey. No matter. These delightful little morsels were crispy on the outside, gooey on the inside, and came with a delectable tomato chutney and sour cream to top with. At our server's suggestions, I also ordered the Spinach and Apple Salad ($6), with cheddar cheese, toasted almonds, and a homemade maple dressing on the side. A wonderful combination. In fact, we liked the cheese pennies so much, we ordered another batch, only to find that that a repeat order isn't always as good the second time around. These pennies were so thick with grease, I found myself soaking up the oil slick with a napkin just to get them down. I think ordering a third time might have settled this dilemma for good, but for now I choose to remember the experience based on my initial encounter with the Spicy Spinach Cheese Pennies; delightful.

My dining partner, an ""adventurous"" drinker himself, ordered a Labatt Blue, but it did come in the extra large bottle, which made him smile from ear to ear. I ordered the Henry of Pelham Pinot Noir to start, but must admit that it tasted watered down and a bit weak. Not to be discouraged, I tried the 2006 Cabernet Franc Special Reserve VQA after dinner, and was pleasantly surprised by one of the nicer glasses of wine I have had at a pub in some time. It had a heavy quality, with a nice vanilla finish. I would go back to Rebel House just to try this glass of wine again.

Our server was friendly and talkative, and the prices at Rebel House are fairly reasonable. Wine was about $7-$8 a glass, and our meals were between $8-$12 for the appetizers, and up to $20 for an entre. Except for the bad experience with the second order of cheese pennies, Rebel House is an excellent neighbourhood pub, serving up good food at good prices.","['as a group of new toronto recruits, we decided to try out rebel house at the suggestion of one of my coworkers.', 'an easy walk from the rosedale subway stop, we went the evening of the stanley cup final, expecting the place to be packed, but managed to find comfortable high-top seating, and friendly service, amidst a fairly busy night.', 'the rebel house is a small pub, with a quaint upstairs section, where we sat.', 'our server was friendly and talkative, and the prices at rebel house are fairly reasonable.', 'wine was about $7-$8 a glass, and our meals were between $8-$12 for the appetizers, and up to $20 for an entre.', 'except for the bad experience with the second order of cheese pennies, rebel house is an excellent neighbourhood pub, serving up good food at good prices.']",22,102
159,Ultimate Cafe,"I came to Ultimate Caf by accident. In a desperate attempt to finally darken the doorway of Hey Lucy, I was disheartened to find that going right after work is not nearly early enough to snag a table for cheap martini Wednesday at that popular King West spot. Enter stage-right, Ultimate Caf (a bit of Entertainment District fun for you there). Whether coincidentally or strategically, they also offer their own cheap martini Wednesday - how clever. 

Their menu is fairly standard, including soups, nachos, sandwiches and Paninis, pastas and salads and they say the ingredients are bought fresh daily from Kensington Market.

After my first meal, I decided to do some reading and collect the thoughts from others before making my final decision on Ultimate. The reviews are mixed, and I have to agree with that sentiment.

I've now been to Ultimate twice, once for dinner and once for lunch. The night of the martinis, I decided to make a meal of appetizers - a favourite thing to do. I had the spring rolls and the sweet potato and lemongrass soup. I wasn't disappointed in the least; the spring rolls were crunchy and hot and the soup, though a tad too sweet for my own taste (always a risk for sweet potato dishes), was flavourful, thick and rich. It was a satisfying meal but, much like the menu, was basic stuff.

Then, I went back for lunch. 

We started with the nachos which turned out to be a delight. They look completely unimpressive, but once you dive in you'll realize that there is just the right amount of melted cheese, neither scorched or soggy, and it's topped lightly with chopped lettuce, tomato, olives and jalapeno. I have come across some online grumbles about the portion sizes, but any more and it would have proven far too big for a two-person starter or a one-person meal. My entre was the Montreal smoked meat Panini with a side salad. The Panini was my favourite dish there by far. The meat was warm and tender and, again, was not over-sized. The sandwich was obviously freshly pressed and there was a tangy mustard spread topping it off. But, here's the rub - the salad was small and the leaves were wilted, which is a common complaint across the boards about their greens and the dressing could not possibly have been made in-house. It maybe could have passed for garnish. A really top-notch side could have elevated this dish to be lunch-time excellence. Like the portions, the prices are decent, with both of my visits coming in at just around $20 per person

There is one very short footnote-type comment that I must leave you with. On both occasions I was greeted by an employee whom I can only assume is the host. He will nab you on the street when you stop to glance at the menu to convince you to come in and, though he means well, will be extremely present during your time there. I can't say it was bothersome enough to warrant a phone call, but I also cannot give you my recommendation without mentioning this very obvious addition to the dining experience at Ultimate. 

So, I toyed with a 2-star vs. my decided upon 3-star rating. The decor is kind of cool, the service was fast and courteous, despite the over-attentive host and we were seated in no time on a busy night. They offer some pretty good, if not somewhat lack-lustre grub, with at least one amazing sandwich. 

Just doors down from the previously reviewed Joe Mamas, King West is turning out to be a favourite food stop for me.","['i came to ultimate caf by accident.', 'in a desperate attempt to finally darken the doorway of hey lucy, i was disheartened to find that going right after work is not nearly early enough to snag a table for cheap martini wednesday at that popular king west spot.', 'enter stage-right, ultimate caf (a bit of entertainment district fun for you there).', 'the decor is kind of cool, the service was fast and courteous, despite the over-attentive host and we were seated in no time on a busy night.', 'they offer some pretty good, if not somewhat lack-lustre grub, with at least one amazing sandwich.', 'just doors down from the previously reviewed joe mamas, king west is turning out to be a favourite food stop for me.']",31,24
160,Duke of Kent,"The Duke of Kent serves up traditional pub food in a cozy spot at the corner of Yonge and Eglinton.  Kent is just one of a series of 'Duke Pubs' scattered around Toronto, and judging from the fairly comprehensive website, each has a slightly different dcor, but all of them seem to tap into that English corner pub ambience.

After a long week at work, I was on the hunt for a casual space to grab a pint, enjoy some hearty food, and catch up with some friends; the Duke of Kent was a great choice...for the most part.

I snagged a corner booth with my dinner group on a busy Friday night.  When we first walked in, it seemed hopeless. We wanted dinner, but there was nary a table to be seen.  The staff did everything they could to make a space for us so we weren't forced back out into the cold to one of the other countless restaurants in the area.  That is what service is all about, and we were happy to stay.  Many thanks to the serving staff for being so accommodating on a hopping Friday night!

As for the food, it is the expected and welcomed pub spread.  They offer up fish & chips (yes, served in a basket on paper), pot roast and potatoes with buttered peas, and even bangers and mash.  You will find an array of reasonably priced English pub food on the menu, with entrees coming in at about $12 across the board.

As I've said before, I tend to go for the specials, and that night it was Moroccan Stew.  Unfortunately, I am sad to say it was disappointing.  The dish was somewhere between a curry and a Mexican chili, and I was given a healthy serving for the $12.99 price-point.  But, I couldn't help but become envious of those around me who had gravy-topped pot pies, crispy fish and chips, beefy burgers and gooey quesadillas.  I probably would not have been as put-off by the it if it was labelled on the menu, as it was on my bill - just 'vegetable stew'.  It was not as exotic as the name lead me to believe, and with a delicious-looking curry dish on the main menu, I expected more spice and life in my 'Moroccan' Stew special.

For a visit to the Duke, I suggest going full-English.  I saw enough plates of fish and chips go by to convince me that it is a popular item, and how much more traditional can you get than that?  Also, I have the 'famous' deep-fried pepperoni targeted - it has to be famous for a reason!

At the end of it all, the Duke of Kent draws in a wonderfully lively crowd, and provides a great atmosphere and service, albeit a bit slow - but hey, it was busy!  My food may have only been so-so, but the brew was cold, and my night was great.","['the duke of kent serves up traditional pub food in a cozy spot at the corner of yonge and eglinton.', ""kent is just one of a series of 'duke pubs' scattered around toronto, and judging from the fairly comprehensive website, each has a slightly different dcor, but all of them seem to tap into that english corner pub ambience."", 'after a long week at work, i was on the hunt for a casual space to grab a pint, enjoy some hearty food, and catch up with some friends; the duke of kent was a great choice...for the most part.', ""also, i have the 'famous' deep-fried pepperoni targeted - it has to be famous for a reason!"", 'at the end of it all, the duke of kent draws in a wonderfully lively crowd, and provides a great atmosphere and service, albeit a bit slow - but hey, it was busy!', 'my food may have only been so-so, but the brew was cold, and my night was great.']",23,89
161,Banjara Indian Cuisine,"As soon as you step inside, your first thought will likely be that there is no possible way this place was built to be an Indian restaurant. The entrance way is virtually non-existent, and stepping through the front door immediately plunges you into the middle of the usually busy and oddly laid out dining room. At the back, a long wooden bar--the type you'd feel comfortable seeing in a Boston Pizza--eclipses the view entirely. The bar is far too big, and completely takes away from the Indian experience, and the only dcor to be found is some dated Indian travel posters and a few paintings themed of elephants and palm trees. But trust me, it doesn't matter in the slightest. You likely won't even notice. Why? Because this place churns out some seriously outstanding Indian food that would be just as good if it was served on a picnic table in the neighbouring Christie Pits Park.

Savoury and creamy butter chicken, seasoned and spiced chicken masala, bright and soft saffron rice; all of the items you'd expect to see on an Indian menu are here. I've been here a few times, and my opinion is that the best way to order is to share, especially if your experience with Indian food is limited. Ordering a few samosas (meat patties) and cauliflower pakoras (chickpea battered cauliflower), and some peas pulao (flavoured basmati rice), a bowl of chicken masala (chicken with yogourt and spices), a bowl of fish curry (masala spiced-salmon) and a plate of naan bread (Tandoori-fried bread) for example, allows you to try a lot of different things, and can be more than enough to accommodate upwards of 6 people.

Now, I don't want to just casually mention the naan bread like that. I'd be doing it a profound injustice. It is absolutely to-die-for beyond good. It is never made ahead of time; it's made right when you order it. It's soft, cooked perfectly, and has a slight charcoal flavour from being expertly cooked in the tandoor. I've stopped in before just to pick up a few pieces of naan and nothing else. If you're there, definitely order it.

Pleasantly enough, this place is never at a loss for staff. Any evening you decide to go, you're sure to be taken care of. One of the things--and I cant believe I'm saying this--is that this place may actually be overstaffed. I've gone there before and felt as if I may have been the server's only table, despite being a packed house. It's a true joy to experience.

I know I said that the ugly bar and awkward entrance-way don't matter, and they don't for me. But if you're after more than just amazing Indian food, like say, an authentic setting and traditionally dressed staff, then you may want to keep looking; you won't find that here. What you will find is skillfully cooked, delicious food served to you by exceptionally attentive, friendly staff.","['as soon as you step inside, your first thought will likely be that there is no possible way this place was built to be an indian restaurant.', 'the entrance way is virtually non-existent, and stepping through the front door immediately plunges you into the middle of the usually busy and oddly laid out dining room.', ""at the back, a long wooden bar--the type you'd feel comfortable seeing in a boston pizza--eclipses the view entirely."", ""i know i said that the ugly bar and awkward entrance-way don't matter, and they don't for me."", ""but if you're after more than just amazing indian food, like say, an authentic setting and traditionally dressed staff, then you may want to keep looking; you won't find that here."", 'what you will find is skillfully cooked, delicious food served to you by exceptionally attentive, friendly staff.']",26,365
162,Bar Salumi,"Bar Salumi is the unassuming sister bar-come-restaurant to The Local Kitchen in Parkdale.  It might be a little too unassuming for its own good, as many people seemed to question its whereabouts when I mentioned its name...but maybe Bar Salumi doesn't like the spotlight.  Indeed, its sign is almost an afterthought, with the store's original signage for an antique shop, dominating the storefront.

My friend and I had been meaning to go ever since she discovered they served Burrata pizza.  She really has a thing for that cheese, and I can't say I blame her. It's delicious.  We went awhile back, excited at the prospect of this new twist on a Margharita pie, only to find out the chef was on vacation and they were only serving up the liquid portion of their menu.  Normally I wouldn't have a problem with this, and in some cases I would actually prefer it, but that night we were hungry and consequently, deflated. My friend entered the chefs ETA in her phone, and we vowed to return.

Two weeks later, the alarm sounded, reminding us that the chef was back to work (and also that she had golden potatoes ready to harvest in Smurf Village).  We went the very next day.

As it was on our previous visit, Bar Salumi was quiet and dark, illuminated by flickering chandeliers (leftovers from the former antique shop maybe?) and tea light candles housed within mason jars.  Hanging legs of prosciutto fight for space with ceiling fans, and a boar's head watches diners from high above on the back wall.  I know it might not sound like it (what with the strong presence of dangling cured meat and taxidermy) but it has a real romantic vibe happening.

There is no kitchen at Bar Salumi, so our personable apron-clad server was also our chef.  The menu is a small one, focused on pizza and apps, so diners can watch as everything is prepared behind the bar. It did get a bit hot, what with the pizza oven operating from within the same room, but think how cozy that would be on a winter's night.

The menu is presented on the wall in cafeteria style (or bowling alley) fashion, with those little plastic letters that slide in and out, and I half expected to see nachos and cheese listed somewhere.  More menus were brought to us on mini clipboards, and because the food menu was unnecessary as we had fully rehearsed our order, we paused awhile over the drink list.  They offer a thoughtful selection of reds and whites as well as some interesting cocktails.  We went with two glasses of Malbec ($12 each) to go with our starter of olives & nodini with ricotta salata ($4).  So far so good, except that I couldn't help but think the nodini crackers weren't the most functional choice for the cheese...more like basketball hoops for the olives.

Our pizza ($14), although not wood-fired, did come served on a cross-section of a tree trunk.  With the creamy white Burrata blending with the red of the San Marzano tomatoes, punctuated by basil it was like an homage to the Italian flag.  I wish I could say that the Burrata we were so looking forward to, made it the penultimate Margharita experience, but it was like any other made with Bufala.  The two are from the same family after all, so I'm not sure what we were thinking.  Cheese does things to people.  That being said however, we weren't disappointed, as the sauce was tangy, the crust was crispy, and it was big enough for both of us to eat and still take home leftovers.

I wouldn't rank the pizza with the likes of pie giants, Terroni or Libretto, but Bar Salumi is rife with ambience where the aforementioned aren't.  The promise of Buratta may have lured me in the first time, but it's the character that will bring me back.","['bar salumi is the unassuming sister bar-come-restaurant to the local kitchen in parkdale.', ""it might be a little too unassuming for its own good, as many people seemed to question its whereabouts when i mentioned its name...but maybe bar salumi doesn't like the spotlight."", ""indeed, its sign is almost an afterthought, with the store's original signage for an antique shop, dominating the storefront."", ""that being said however, we weren't disappointed, as the sauce was tangy, the crust was crispy, and it was big enough for both of us to eat and still take home leftovers."", ""i wouldn't rank the pizza with the likes of pie giants, terroni or libretto, but bar salumi is rife with ambience where the aforementioned aren't."", ""the promise of buratta may have lured me in the first time, but it's the character that will bring me back.""]",31,8
163,Hey Meatball,"Hey Meatball! Hey Mediocre! Walking into Hey Meatball! instantly feels like you are walking into your old high school cafeteria. A few two and four person tables are set up, and there's one long 16 person table down the middle, all this in a space that was clearly not built for this many diners. I wasn't entirely sure if we were to seat ourselves or wait for direction. We inquired with the cashier/order taker/owner to find out. I know he was the owner because he told us.

For a restaurant that serves all meatballs, all the time, we were surprised to find that there were only three entre selections on the chalk board and a few side dishes to choose from. Of the four side dishes, two had already been crossed out for the day, leaving a side salad or butternut squash soup. I decided to order the vegetarian eggplant 'meatballs' with polenta and parmesan, and my dining partner ordered the Porky  meatballs, (a combination of pork and ground beef) with tomato sauce on spaghetti. Immediately I was told that they were out of polenta and was asked ""what would I like it on?"" Unsure of my options, even after asking, I replied with ""spaghetti,"" as that was the only thing on the chalkboard that I was sure that they had in stock.

We each ordered a homemade cream soda, we were given a number, and we took a seat. Our number was called out about 10 minutes later, and we immediately noticed the disparity in portion size. My eggplant 'meatballs' were served on a huge swirl of very al dente spaghetti, whereas the porky meatballs arrived on what could be considered an order from the children's menu- if there was one that is.

The food was good, but not great. The eggplant 'meatballs' had a nice consistency, and were spicy and full of flavor. The tomato sauce that the dish was served with was hearty and not too salty, however I thought that the pasta could have been cooked a little more. The Porky meatballs were excellent, the combination of pork and beef proved to be a hit, however we both found that the tomato sauce served with the meatballs was far too sweet for the savory nature of the dish.

The saving grace of the meal was the amazing cream sodas they make fresh on site. They were a throwback to the Jones cream soda that you used to drink as a kid, but without too much fizz. Unfortunately, when the beverage you order to go with your meal is the best part of the experience, you know that there is something missing.

Hey Meatball! is missing the warm and friendly atmosphere you would expect to find in a restaurant with a wide open kitchen, communal tables and a chef that endeavors to use ingredients within a 100-mile radius of Toronto. All great qualities to have in a unique restaurant with a unique concept, but here, it just didn't seem to create anything memorable. There was no music playing while we were in, and the gruff reception and fluorescent lighting that made it a little harsh on the eyes made Hey Meatball! mostly a letdown.","['hey meatball!', 'hey mediocre!', 'walking into hey meatball!', ""all great qualities to have in a unique restaurant with a unique concept, but here, it just didn't seem to create anything memorable."", 'there was no music playing while we were in, and the gruff reception and fluorescent lighting that made it a little harsh on the eyes made hey meatball!', 'mostly a letdown.']",28,149
164,3030,"3030 has young-professional written all over it. Craft beers, slightly pretentious menu and crowd, its Junction location (sigh, I remember the days when they avoided this area). And although I spend quite a bit of time in the neighbourhood, I only managed to getting around to checking it out a few days ago. That's mostly because it's a difficult place to notice, with an unassuming, simple '3030 stenciled on the front door, and not much else to identify it.

3030 is huge inside... seriously huge; especially for a place in The Junction. Stuffed full of small table settings and 2 full bars, it seems more like you're in a concert hall than a neighbourhood restaurant, and that's with good intention. 3030 is built to be a live music venue that doubles as a food-venue, and in my opinion, not the other way around (although that's what they go for in the off hours).

One thing's for sure, they put a lot of thought into their draft selection. The back bar has taps full of local-ish craft brews, including Wellington, Beaus, and even some other, more difficult one's to find, like the Junction Craft Brewing's IPA (which was fantastic), a Sawdust City stout, and a Broadhead White. Clearly, they take their beer selection very seriously. The unfortunate thing about the bars though is that with no stools to sit on, you get the distinct that they don't want you hanging out there.

Much like you'd expect from a place aimed at young-pros in The Junction (sigh), the atmosphere sets it up as a pretty cool place to hang out, with shelves full of board games and walls lined with old-school pinball machines and plenty of interesting art. With the retro pinball machines all lit up in the evening, it gives the perfect backdrop to a night out.

But with just a little '5 dollar snack menu' card on each table, you wonder what about those of us that were there for more than snacks. Our server haphazardly and unconfidently rattled off the items they serve (there was only 4 of them at the time) but not before having to go back to the kitchen a couple of times before she could get it right. I asked if the items changed daily, hence no menus and the difficulty remembering them, but nope, these items had been here for a while she said. While it's cool to try items out to see what works, I hope that eventually they'll put together a more permanent and more expansive menu, or at least one that changes seasonally.

Because none of their mains sounded appealing to us, we instead opted for the items on the snack menu. The Butter Chicken Wings, while mostly tasty with the typical strong flavours you'd expect, arrived lukewarm. The Potato Wedges on the other hand, were indescribably and inedibly  hot, which turned out to be ok because they were bland and tasteless anyways. Overall, we just didn't find any of the items on the snack menu impressive at all.

If you're in the neighbourhood, 3030 may be worth checking out, but I'd say solely for their draft selection; and although the fact that there isn't much like it in the neighbourhood makes it the kind of place you want to check out, I'd wait until there is a concert or show you want to see before making the trek. In my opinion, it just isn't worth going out of your way for.

With a Gabby's now opened next door, I remember feeling a little upset for them having competition so close from some evil, corporate chain, but really, it's of little consequence. It's obvious right away that they'll both be attracting very different types of people.","['3030 has young-professional written all over it.', 'craft beers, slightly pretentious menu and crowd, its junction location (sigh, i remember the days when they avoided this area).', 'and although i spend quite a bit of time in the neighbourhood, i only managed to getting around to checking it out a few days ago.', ""in my opinion, it just isn't worth going out of your way for."", ""with a gabby's now opened next door, i remember feeling a little upset for them having competition so close from some evil, corporate chain, but really, it's of little consequence."", ""it's obvious right away that they'll both be attracting very different types of people.""]",25,101
165,Buster's Sea Cove,"I know St. Lawrence market is full of great food, but I never would've thought that tucked way in the back of the building I'd find something quite like Buster's Sea Cove.

Keep in mind though, this takeout shop isn't Rodney's or Oyster Boy, and I'm definitely not trying to convince you that it is. In fact, Buster's Sea Cove isn't even in the same boat. At Buster's, you won't find soft lighting, romantic ambience, or table-side service, but what you're pretty much guaranteed to find, is some killer seafood served up really, really quickly.

Fresh-made fish and chips are the staple in this place, but they've got so much more than that. Their huge menu has everything from crab cakes and clam strips to fried oysters and fish-topped salads. And their fish-type sandwiches, something that they happen to do really, really well, are outstanding. I'm not talking about your standard old fried-fish-on-a-bun here; Buster's rivals the best seafood takeout places with crab cake paninis and seared tuna melts sandwiches.

But don't overlook the fish and chips either. This little takeout stand easily delivers one of the best plates of the stuff in the city. They've got a few varieties of fish to choose from, and each of them is served up expertly battered and crispy. Each plate of fish and chips also comes with in-house made fries and a killer slaw.

Buster's also has a few other options you wouldn't expect from a takeout stand. Grilled swordfish, seafood bisque, rainbow trout, even octopus to name a few. It ain't fine dining by any means, but they truly do push the limits of what takeout is both in quality and selection.

Chances are though, once you get your food you'll be spending most of your time searching for a place to eat it. Busters only has 4 tables or so scattered around in front of the counter, but if those are full-and they probably will be-you're on your own. There's an exit close by to the Market's back patio and parking lot where most of Buster's customers end up, but trust me, if it's a nice day out, that'll fill up pretty quick too and you'll be left looking for a place to eat your by-then-getting-cold food.

Truth be told though, even if you're standing out back of the market among parked cars and alleyways, it won't matter all that much. You might not even notice. Whether it's a crab cake sandwich or plate of fish and chips, the food at Buster's is just that dam good.","[""i know st. lawrence market is full of great food, but i never would've thought that tucked way in the back of the building i'd find something quite like buster's sea cove."", ""keep in mind though, this takeout shop isn't rodney's or oyster boy, and i'm definitely not trying to convince you that it is."", ""in fact, buster's sea cove isn't even in the same boat."", ""truth be told though, even if you're standing out back of the market among parked cars and alleyways, it won't matter all that much."", 'you might not even notice.', ""whether it's a crab cake sandwich or plate of fish and chips, the food at buster's is just that dam good.""]",21,259
166,Sushi Marche,"This sushi restaurant at the corner of Queen and Caroline is a take-out superstar. You can walk in to place your order or call ahead for pick up or delivery; they add a reasonable $3.00 delivery charge for the area nearby and $5.00 + for further surrounding areas, depending on the distance. If you call with special requests or large party orders, the chefs will accommodate you in a very timely manner - if it's not on the menu, just ask!

Just like the fish, the interior is raw. There is actually one very small table with some chairs around it by the front window, but I've never seen anyone sitting there. There's a display that sits just to the left when you walk in, covered with bags of Japanese snacks for purchase and, on your right, you'll find shelves filled with a few groceries; dried sheets of nori is one recognizable item that jumps out immediately.

Chef John Lee has been serving up fresh and beautiful sushi platters at this location since 2005. It is impressive to note that he worked under the iron chef himself, Morimoto. There is something soothing about the fact that they prepare your food behind the counter in full view. It's that commitment to preparing and presenting the freshest ingredients that has built their dedicated customer base.

Lunch combos range from $15 to $25 and dinner combos from $15 to $35. If you choose the sashimi - individual pieces of raw fish with no rice - it does bring the price up a bit, but it's well worth it for something so delectable. If ordering a la carte is more your style, there are unique rolls to choose from, including: nigiri sushi (fish on rice), small rolls, inside out rolls and special rolls with everything from eel to sea urchin to marinated dried pumpkin.

Our dinner for two was easily fulfilled with the vegetable sushi combo, which includes miso soup, and adding one Una Tekkyu roll (eel, tuna, cucumber, fish roe) and, my sushi must, an order of edamame. The vegetable rolls are prepped delicately to appear as if they too are made with tender slices of fish, the cucumber rolls are a refreshing addition and there is even a roll with an orange, crunchy vegetable called Burdock - carrot-like in appearance and texture, but with a different and unique flavour.

Their fresh ingredients are really the highlight. Nori can easily become chewy and tough, but Marche's is tender and graces the palate without even a hint of the unappealing sea-scent that you might get from a lesser sushi establishment. I have to say I'm not the biggest fan of the cold edamame they serve, but I wouldn't want to trek my raw fish home with something steaming hot resting on top of it anyway, so I don't mind this one pre-prepared item.

If your only sushi experience is picking up a pack of that generic grocery store stuff, with the fake green grass insert, Sushi Marche is really the place to discover all the glory of raw fish.","['this sushi restaurant at the corner of queen and caroline is a take-out superstar.', 'you can walk in to place your order or call ahead for pick up or delivery; they add a reasonable $3.00 delivery charge for the area nearby and $5.00 + for further surrounding areas, depending on the distance.', ""if you call with special requests or large party orders, the chefs will accommodate you in a very timely manner - if it's not on the menu, just ask!"", ""nori can easily become chewy and tough, but marche's is tender and graces the palate without even a hint of the unappealing sea-scent that you might get from a lesser sushi establishment."", ""i have to say i'm not the biggest fan of the cold edamame they serve, but i wouldn't want to trek my raw fish home with something steaming hot resting on top of it anyway, so i don't mind this one pre-prepared item."", 'if your only sushi experience is picking up a pack of that generic grocery store stuff, with the fake green grass insert, sushi marche is really the place to discover all the glory of raw fish.']",18,50
167,Trevor Kitchen & Bar,"Chef Vallins redefines comfort food. A beautiful, intimate atmosphere that proudly displays everything Trevor has to offer is front and center only to the creative food. I'd recommend the Truffle Poutine, Pork Belly, and anything with Foie Gras or Demi Glace.","['chef vallins redefines comfort food.', 'a beautiful, intimate atmosphere that proudly displays everything trevor has to offer is front and center only to the creative food.', ""i'd recommend the truffle poutine, pork belly, and anything with foie gras or demi glace.""]",3,83
168,Mitzi's Caf,"For the past year or so, I've been meaning to go to Mitzi's Cafe for brunch.  Weekends however, draw a big crowd and my nine-to-five job prevented me from going during the week and avoiding said crowd.  Fortunately, having resigned from my job to be a writer (see: unemployed) I am now afforded the luxury of going to brunch on say, a Tuesday...which is exactly what I did this week.

I love Mitzi's location.  Tucked away on a quiet corner of Sorauren, surrounded by century homes, purple and yellow painted Mitzi's is a bit out-of-place, but that's the appeal.  I have a thing for old neighbourhood general stores, and that's what Mitzi's reminds me of.  Inside looked exactly how I both expected and hoped for; arborite tables with mismatched chairs, a glass display case that housed trays of muffins at the time, and walls adorned with local art.  I really, really wanted to like this place.

And like it I did, however my friend was less than satisfied with her experience.  Let's start with mine shall we?  Mitzi's has a small but thoughtful menu, and I had previously perused it online, so I knew exactly what I wanted.  Craving sweet over savoury, I ordered the French toast as planned ($10.95).  Made with Challah bread it is then topped with a peach & ginger compote, covered in graham cracker crumbs and generously doused with real maple syrup (the last step done by yours truly).  It was fantastic.  The bread was thick and fluffy, and the compote had just the right amount of ginger in it.  It had all the makings of a dessert...in a breakfast.  It should be noted that this dish is typically served with whipped cream, but I decided it was too much of an indulgence (says the person who used so much syrup as to make her French toast wish it had signed up for swimming lessons).

Sitting just adjacent to the expanding pool of syrup, but not completely out of its reach, were the home fries, which offset the sweetness of the French toast nicely.  Made with halved baby potatoes they were spiced perfectly.  My only complaint is that there weren't more of them, but it's probably for the best in the long run.  If the toast itself was the star of the show, then the home fries were the understudy.

As I had already had my morning coffee I chased all of this with a glass of their homemade orange/banana/mango juice.  It was just thick enough to know it was the real thing, and at $3 I think it was good value.

The glowing endorsement ends with my friends order.  She was so looking forward to her poached eggs (also $10.95).  Served on Portuguese cornbread, topped with wilted spinach,  and slathered in roasted red pepper & asiago sauce, it looked delicious when set down in front of her, but as she cut into the egg with her fork, the yolk failed to flow.  Her poached eggs weren't poached at all... they were hard-boiled.  Cue the violins. Tasty yes, but it wasn't what she wanted, and the accompanying rye bread would fail to serve its dipping duty.

This would have been a 4 star review had I made it a solo trip, but alas the poached eggs (or lack thereof) knocked it down a peg.  Mitzi's is still worth a visit though for the French toast (and I hear the Oatmeal Buttermilk Pancakes are pretty killer too), but if it's poached eggs you crave, be specific,...if only for the sake of your toast and its reason for being.","[""for the past year or so, i've been meaning to go to mitzi's cafe for brunch."", 'weekends however, draw a big crowd and my nine-to-five job prevented me from going during the week and avoiding said crowd.', 'fortunately, having resigned from my job to be a writer (see: unemployed) i am now afforded the luxury of going to brunch on say, a tuesday...which is exactly what i did this week.', ""tasty yes, but it wasn't what she wanted, and the accompanying rye bread would fail to serve its dipping duty."", 'this would have been a 4 star review had i made it a solo trip, but alas the poached eggs (or lack thereof) knocked it down a peg.', ""mitzi's is still worth a visit though for the french toast (and i hear the oatmeal buttermilk pancakes are pretty killer too), but if it's poached eggs you crave, be specific,...if only for the sake of your toast and its reason for being.""]",31,79
169,Paese,"Relatively new to the King West theatre district, and across the street from the Bell Lightbox is, Paese.  New to the neighbourhood, but not new to the restaurant scene, Paese has been operating out of their Bathurst street location since 1989.  Serving up Italian comfort food in a casual but sleek atmosphere, Paese might give longtime district resident Kit Kat some competition.

With a monochromatic colour scheme, butcher block tables and exposed brick, Paese is very welcoming, even for someone who happened to be dining alone (see: yours truly).

My server brought the customary bread to the table...but this was no ordinary bread and oil. The bread itself was warm and chewy with a pretzel like flavour.  It came with an olive, rosemary and thyme tapenade that was rich and salty.  I tried to stop after one slice, but failed miserably.  I managed to leave one out of the four slices on the plate but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't staring at it longingly throughout dinner.

Next, came my Beet Caprese Salad ($13).  Grilled beets came topped with a generous portion of mozzarella di bufala, drizzled with pistachio pesto and sprinkled with pomegranate seeds.  The combination of flavours and textures worked well together, and it was just a very fresh salad overall. If seasons were characterized by salads this one would be spring.  It was filling enough to be my main course, but I wasn't done yet.

As full of bread and beets as I was, I couldn't wait for my cavatelli ($13).  Hand rolled and made with semolina it had a texture similar to gnocchi but it wasn't as filling.  The sauce was reminiscent of my grandmothers, and that's a compliment as although she wasn't Italian, she was married to one and had learned a thing or two over the years.

I had initially sent away the wine menu, although I'm not sure why exactly.  Maybe it was an unexpected burst of responsibility on my part as it was a weekday afternoon and I had another review to do...but those are hardly excuses not to partake.  It's part of the job after all.  Either way, one of the resident sommeliers saw right through me and insisted on returning the wine menu to my table.  Smart man.

Paese has an extensive wine list and while most can only be purchased by the bottle, they do have a comprehensive list that is sold by the glass.  Now I'm no expert on wine, but I do drink a lot of the stuff so I know what I like, and I like Amarone.  I was given a sample of a 2004 Fumanelli Amarone before committing to a full glass, after which I gave the go ahead for my server to fill 'er up.  Rich and full-bodied it was a great complement to my meal, but as far as I'm concerned it would be a great complement to anything...cheese, pasta, breakfast...

Because of its location, I probably won't make a repeat visit but I don't think Paese is having a hard time attracting other customers.  I would recommend it to anyone who wants to have a good and affordable meal with some vino before or after catching a show.","['relatively new to the king west theatre district, and across the street from the bell lightbox is, paese.', 'new to the neighbourhood, but not new to the restaurant scene, paese has been operating out of their bathurst street location since 1989.  serving up italian comfort food in a casual but sleek atmosphere, paese might give longtime district resident kit kat some competition.', 'with a monochromatic colour scheme, butcher block tables and exposed brick, paese is very welcoming, even for someone who happened to be dining alone (see: yours truly).', ""i was given a sample of a 2004 fumanelli amarone before committing to a full glass, after which i gave the go ahead for my server to fill 'er up."", ""rich and full-bodied it was a great complement to my meal, but as far as i'm concerned it would be a great complement to anything...cheese, pasta, breakfast...  because of its location, i probably won't make a repeat visit but i don't think paese is having a hard time attracting other customers."", 'i would recommend it to anyone who wants to have a good and affordable meal with some vino before or after catching a show.']",26,52
170,The Bar with No Name,"The Bar with No Name recently opened up in the place where the ever-empty Z-Bar used to be, and the signs of them still working out the kinks of being a newly opened place are still there. It was fairly obvious that the space was still in the process of being turned into something else, and there was still a lot of remenants of Z-Bar to be found. I've been to Z-Bar once, and I couldn't really tell the difference between the two, except for the kick-ass, inviting new Bar With No Name sign out front.

Simply put, No Name's staff are amazing, thoughtful, and exactly how food biz staff shoudl be. They were really concerned with making sure we had a good time, and because of them, our experience was good. Even though the place was busy, they still made time to chat with us and didnt make us feel rushed.

No Name's food menu was the standard bar fare. Burgers, wings, and fried foods were front and center, but despite the plainness of the menu, the food was hot, fresh, and served the way it should be.

The music in this place, however, really needs some improvements. We probably would have stayed for another drink if it wasn't for commercials blasted over the radio being the only form of entertainment. I asked if they could put some sattelite radio on, and I was told not to worry because a DJ was going to be playing soon. I left at 1030, and I never saw or heard a DJ, just Leon's, Loblaw's, and car commercials at full volume.

It does seem as though they rushed to open, and they probably could have used another week or two to get things together, but once they get it all worked out, this place stands a great chance at becoming the perfect neighbourhood hangout.

*We plan to review again in two months.","['the bar with no name recently opened up in the place where the ever-empty z-bar used to be, and the signs of them still working out the kinks of being a newly opened place are still there.', 'it was fairly obvious that the space was still in the process of being turned into something else, and there was still a lot of remenants of z-bar to be found.', ""i've been to z-bar once, and i couldn't really tell the difference between the two, except for the kick-ass, inviting new bar with no name sign out front."", ""simply put, no name's staff are amazing, thoughtful, and exactly how food biz staff shoudl be."", 'they were really concerned with making sure we had a good time, and because of them, our experience was good.', ""we probably would have stayed for another drink if it wasn't for commercials blasted over the radio being the only form of entertainment."", 'i asked if they could put some sattelite radio on, and i was told not to worry because a dj was going to be playing soon.', ""i left at 1030, and i never saw or heard a dj, just leon's, loblaw's, and car commercials at full volume."", 'it does seem as though they rushed to open, and they probably could have used another week or two to get things together, but once they get it all worked out, this place stands a great chance at becoming the perfect neighbourhood hangout.', '*we plan to review again in two months.']",14,24
171,Pachuco,"There is a new kid in town, and his name is Pachuco - named after the look and style of Mexican youth back in the 1930s to 1950s that dressed in zoot suits. Pachuco opened its doors on Friday, January 13th, perhaps a sign of bad luck, but that shouldn't hinder their success.

Pachuco is a small (read: reservations) and cozy space, with exposed brick walls, wrought-iron dcor and, and a pretty impressive wall of wine bottles lit by a neon sign. Even though Pachuco shares a kitchen with older brother and Danforth favourite  Embrujo Flamenco, they definitely serve up their own distinctive flavour.
Their menu is well thought out and varied, with an excellent selection of meat, fish and vegetarian dishes. Their appetizer menu alone is worth the trip. With a confident boasting of guacamole flavours, including goat cheese, blue cheese, smoked trout and walnut, and a guacamole sampler patter that allows you to try three of their creations, there is seemingly no end to the interesting flavour combinations. We decided to stick to our guns, however, and go with the traditional guacamole, which was a stellar choice; lots of lime, onion and creamy avocado, but with no flavour left too overpowering. Their homemade tortilla chips have to be mentioned as well: crisp and tasty. I am hoping they will one day provide these in a to-go bag for purchase before you leave. We also ordered the Chile poblana, swathed in an excellent and perfectly spicy tomato sauce, with queso fresco and refried beans, all baked perfectly. The portion size on both entrees was more than enough for two people, and it could easily serve as a great entre.

For our meals (both $15) we went with the Taquitos de Machaca (coffee and ancho braised beef brisket, with guacamole and honey chipotle salsa), and the pre-Hispanic delicacy of Taquitos de Huitlacoche (corn truffle, onions, jalapeo peppers, Cazuela beans served with requesn-avocado salsa). Where to start? Let's save the most interesting for last. The braised beef was well cooked and well spiced, the chipotle salsa was a great added touch, and one order of beans and rice between the two of us was more than enough to share. In fact, we both left incredibly full. Their fresh-this-second corn tortillas are amazing, sweet, soft and still warm from the press, prepared just the way you would expect to find them in a traditional Mexican eatery. The Huitlacoche, however, was an adventure in and of itself. 

For those who don't know (myself included), Huitlacoche is a fungus, which grows naturally on corn in damp environments. The fungus is harvested and has been consumed as a delicacy for centuries in Central and South America cuisine. When it arrived, it tasted smokey and earthy; it looked like a dark mash of black corn, onion- and was that a jalapeo in there? Hard to tell. The dish was good, but I can't say I would strongly recommend it. Overall, I found the food at Pachuco's to be mostly over-salted, and the Huitlacoche had to be the worst offender. This is the main reason why I would not order it again; although the flavour was very different from any other Mexican dishes I have tried, and I actually did enjoy it, I just could not get over the intensity of the salt. 

The drinks and food at Pachuco's ranged from good to very good, and if they could tone down the salt (margaritas included), I would probably rate most of it as excellent. However, I cannot say our overall experience was excellent, but I would not fault them for it in my overall rating. Being that it was their opening weekend, one expects a few hiccups, and I am sure they will be cleared up by the time you visit. I was served the wrong meal at first, and we had to wait about 10 to 15 minutes for the Huitlacoche to be prepared, instead of the fish tacos, (though delightful looking), I was initially served. By the time my dish came around, the other half of our meal was cold. Our side plates and used cutlery were never removed from our table after we finished with our appetizers, and the tables are so small and cramped as it is, there was no room for our mains. Instead of removing our side plates, there was a vain attempt to stuff everything on the table. I eventually had to ask for fresh cutlery and removal of the used dishes from our table. Not once, but twice, we almost had our not-quite-finished drinks taken from us, and we had to ask a few times for extra tortillas. It seemed a little strange to me that you would only get four at a time, and as great as they were, they are very, very small, so I imagine each meal would require a minimum of 3 or 4 on its own. 

Overall, I think these are minor complaints, especially since it was Pachuco's opening preview. I found that the service was friendly and genuine, the restaurant was quaint and ambient, with Latin music, candles and a few kitschy dcor details, which made it seem authentic and allow it to live up to it's self-proclaimed 'Modern Mexican' dining experience.","['there is a new kid in town, and his name is pachuco - named after the look and style of mexican youth back in the 1930s to 1950s that dressed in zoot suits.', ""pachuco opened its doors on friday, january 13th, perhaps a sign of bad luck, but that shouldn't hinder their success."", 'pachuco is a small (read: reservations) and cozy space, with exposed brick walls, wrought-iron dcor and, and a pretty impressive wall of wine bottles lit by a neon sign.', 'it seemed a little strange to me that you would only get four at a time, and as great as they were, they are very, very small, so i imagine each meal would require a minimum of 3 or 4 on its own.', ""overall, i think these are minor complaints, especially since it was pachuco's opening preview."", ""i found that the service was friendly and genuine, the restaurant was quaint and ambient, with latin music, candles and a few kitschy dcor details, which made it seem authentic and allow it to live up to it's self-proclaimed 'modern mexican' dining experience.""]",38,22
172,West Mall Donuts,"Huge Apple Danishes! Unfortunatley huge doesnt mean better. 
So what does Westmall Donuts have to offer? Here you can eat a fattening overpriced danish in a horribly old and decrepid space and wash it all down with a lousy tasting coffee.
Do yourself and your wallet a favour and avoid it!","['huge apple danishes!', 'unfortunatley huge doesnt mean better.', 'so what does westmall donuts have to offer?', 'here you can eat a fattening overpriced danish in a horribly old and decrepid space and wash it all down with a lousy tasting coffee.', 'do yourself and your wallet a favour and avoid it!']",5,7
173,Drake BBQ,"Boy-oh-boy, do I ever feel let down. I actually went out of my way to go to this place one day when I was craving some good-ole-fashioned-BBQ. Claiming to be serving it up in true Southern-style, I thought that there's no way this could go wrong. I've actually been to Texas and all throughout the Southern states on a fairly serious eating vacation, and lemme tell you something, The Drake and their lil' BBQ place owe the great state of Texas and its surrounding neighbours a serious apology...

Drake BBQ has a slew of great reviews all over the Internet. Everyone on Yelp, Twitter, and a bunch of TO food mags have been raving about the authentic, bad-ass Texas and Carolina style BBQ they've had in this place. I've read so many good comments, that I figured I must have gone to the wrong place. Maybe, I thought, there was some other place that just happens to look exactly the same, on the exact same street, with the exact same type of food?

Nope... I was in the right place. It just sucked is all.

Because they have such a loyal following, I'm sure quite a few people are going to dislike what I'm saying here, but in all honesty, if you got served what I did, you'd be disappointed too. My Carolina pulled-pork sandwich was small, dry, and amazingly enough, was completey void of BBQ sauce, which is a fairly important staple in a pulled-pork sandwich. They must have had some BBQ sauce somewhere in there, but if they did, they didn't offer it to me, and it certainly wasn't on my sandwich. My coleslaw was even worse. It was incredibly bland and wasn't much more than shredded cabbage with a slight trace of what I assume was salad dressing. Not to mention that this stuff was expensive! Two of those sandwiches and an itty-bitty coleslaw-plus tip of course-cost over 20 bucks.

Welcome to The Drake BBQ; it's BBQ with a side of pretentiousness. You don't like it? Trust me. If it's the same guy working behind the counter when I was there, then he won't care at all. I asked if we could get some fries with our sandwiches. he just looked at me, shocked, and said, 'I don't want a deep-fryer in this place'. Hey, I'm fine with the guy being pretentious and true to the stuff he's making and how he's making it, especially if it's honest-to-goodness Southern-style BBQ. If he truly was an artisan of the BBQ and the smoker, he can rightfully be as pretentious as he wants as far as I'm concerned. I probably would have answered back with an agreeing 'Yes Sir'! But the true kick-in-the-ass was that the stuff that I ended up taking home in a sad little brown bag was basically less than edible. In fact, I only took a few bites and ended up throwing it out, which is something I never, ever do. Someone went and filled thsi guy's head with the thought that this is actually what good BBQ is all about; someone lied to him.

Besides being about honest and delicious BBQ, the Southern states are all about hospitality and genuine people; people that would never be rude or unwelcoming. They're more likely to invite you in for dinner than they are to turn you away. Drake BBQ was none of those things. The service was rude, inhospitable, and unwelcoming. From the moment I walked in, I felt as though they wanted me the hell outta there. That is, except for the older guy that handed me the bag. He sent me off with a sincere sounding 'thanks for your business', which is something I think businesses don't say enough these days.

Like I said, this was painful for me. I felt ripped off. I felt sad. I felt let down. It was a just a plain bad experience that was nothing close to true Southern BBQ or Southern hospitality. In fact, I don't think I would even give it another go, and whether you've been exposed to true Southern BBQ or not, I'd suggest you don't either, because you'll feel let down either way too.","['boy-oh-boy, do i ever feel let down.', 'i actually went out of my way to go to this place one day when i was craving some good-ole-fashioned-bbq.', ""claiming to be serving it up in true southern-style, i thought that there's no way this could go wrong."", 'i felt let down.', 'it was a just a plain bad experience that was nothing close to true southern bbq or southern hospitality.', ""in fact, i don't think i would even give it another go, and whether you've been exposed to true southern bbq or not, i'd suggest you don't either, because you'll feel let down either way too.""]",41,10
174,Foxley Bistro and Bar,"Tapas seem to be all the hype recently. And it's easy to see why. Not only does it allow you to try more things on the menu, but it's also perfect for when you're  with a larger group. And that is just the reason why a couple of my friends and I headed to the Ossington area to try out Foxley, an Asian-Vietnamese inspired tapas house.

The restaurant ambiance doesn't mimic anything I typically associate with a traditional Vietnamese restaurant. It has a classier fine dining style of dcor with ginger brick walls and soft lighting; it's a  perfect romantic date spot. In fact, we saw lots of couples there that night all dining on a few plates and enjoying wine.

My friends and I decided to follow suit, so we split a bottle of red and ordered the most interesting dishes that caught our eyes on the menu. This however, was a task easier said than done. The menu comes on a single-sided laminated sheet, with no pictures. It was hard to distinguish where the descriptions of one dish started and the next one ended. It felt a little like reading an essay! But once you get over the poor formatting, you'll be amazed by the variety of dishes that they offer. There is no shortage of exotic meats and dishes, like frog legs and beef hearts. But if you're not feeling that adventurous, rest assured they also do have many good old reliable classics, like deep fried shrimps, steamed mussels, and spring rolls.

The first dish that came was the Lamb and Duck Prosciutto Dumplings"" ($7). These were served hot,crunchy and  with jam packed with minced lamb stuffing. They're tasty, but nothing too special..

Next came a Sea Bream Creviche with Yuzu and Shiso ($15). They're bite sizes pieces of thinly sliced sea bream sashimi, covered with coriander and some lime puree. I actually found them to be a little too citrusy for my liking, but it is undeniably fresh. It was paired well with the crunchy fried onions generously sprinkled on top.

After that, a whole slew of dishes came at the same time, and it was difficult to figure out which one to dig into first; they all looked and smelled so appetizing! The Grilled Marinated Beef Short Ribs ($14) came on a small plate with about 3-4 pieces. A little too chewy for my liking, but it was at least well marinated and flavourful. In comparison, the Grilled Side Ribs with Caramelized Shallot Glaze ($9.00) were delicious. They were made up of two long pork ribs covered in a savory sweet glaze, with meat that fell right off the bone. We literally demolished that dish in a couple of seconds!

If you're a big fan of pork belly as I am, then you'll be in for a real treat at Foxley. They serve a Slow-braised Pork Belly in Muscatel Reduction ($15) with nicely marbled fat and cooked in a delicious smokey barbeque sauce ;it just melts in your mouth!

And while all those dishes were great, my favourite of the night was the Grilled Beef Heart with Chili Lime Salsa ($8). We ordered it just to try something new, and it was the best decision of the night! It came nicely grilled on two skewers so that the hearts are slightly charred on the outside for flavour, and still tender on the inside. Don't be afraid to try this one, it actually doesn't taste as farfetched as it sounds!

To balance out all the meat we ordered, the chef recommended the Kale Salad with Pecorino Toscano and Lemon Dressing ($8). I love kale, so in my books this salad was definitely a good order. My only complaint was that the lemon vinaigrette was a bit too sour.

Upon finishing up the meal, the first thought I had was that Foxley is not as ""Asian fusion"" as I had anticipated. There are some influences, but not nearly enough for me to notice the Asian aspect of the menu. That does not go to say that I didn't enjoy my meal though. While I found it was a little on the pricier side, I did enjoy the food and the romantically sophisticated atmosphere. Keep Foxley in your books for either your next date night venue or for a quiet relaxing dinner out with friends.","['tapas seem to be all the hype recently.', ""and it's easy to see why."", ""not only does it allow you to try more things on the menu, but it's also perfect for when you're  with a larger group."", ""that does not go to say that i didn't enjoy my meal though."", 'while i found it was a little on the pricier side, i did enjoy the food and the romantically sophisticated atmosphere.', 'keep foxley in your books for either your next date night venue or for a quiet relaxing dinner out with friends.']",41,125
175,Disgraceland,"Disgraceland isn't bad, but it's definitely a bit overrated. Thier biggest fault is that it's completly hit-or-miss. Somedays everything comes together, other times... 

Their menu takes an exceptionally creative look at stuff you'd expect to find in the southern states with heavy concern for those that prefer meatless. Everything from Southern-fried chicken and Tenessee pulled pork sandwiches to grilled veg stew and fried tofu sandwiches. They also have a fairly original selection of sauces to dip your fries in that's worth mentioning. The staff are cool, layed-back, and they actually seem to care that you're there.

But like I said, all of that can change the next time you go in. Food could come out luke warm and greasy, staff could be stuck-up and simply not care. 

Disappointingly enough, the one thing that you can count on that Disgraceland has that is consistently great, is one hell-of-a cool name.","[""disgraceland isn't bad, but it's definitely a bit overrated."", ""thier biggest fault is that it's completly hit-or-miss."", ""somedays everything comes together, other times...   their menu takes an exceptionally creative look at stuff you'd expect to find in the southern states with heavy concern for those that prefer meatless."", 'everything from southern-fried chicken and tenessee pulled pork sandwiches to grilled veg stew and fried tofu sandwiches.', ""they also have a fairly original selection of sauces to dip your fries in that's worth mentioning."", ""the staff are cool, layed-back, and they actually seem to care that you're there."", 'but like i said, all of that can change the next time you go in.', 'food could come out luke warm and greasy, staff could be stuck-up and simply not care.', 'disappointingly enough, the one thing that you can count on that disgraceland has that is consistently great, is one hell-of-a cool name.']",9,109
176,The Burger's Priest,"I came across The Burger's Priest purely by accident one day when I was biking in the Beaches neighbourhood. It's an easy little place to overlook; it's just a small shop with little advertising way out on Queen East. But boy am I ever glad I stumbled onto this place. Hands down this was one of the best burgers I've had in Toronto. 

First off, it was actually cooked a little over medium-- without me asking! Truly a rarity nowadays, the guy at the counter told me they always cook it that temperature. Beautiful. Besides being cooked perfectly, the burger was served on a soft and slightly sweet bun that was matched perfectly with the savoury patty.

The fries are cut super skinny and fried crispy in-house. While that makes them perfect for eating right away, I do imagine that takeouters will find them soggy once they get to eat them. But for me, it was pure fry bliss.

The space is modern, clean, and stainless-steel heavy, but because of it's size, it only has seating for about 4 people. Once the place gets a lineup, which at peak times is completely inevitable, the seating area gets really cramped and is unpleasant to eat in.

Next time you happen out to the Beaches, definitely check this place out, or even if you're not in the neighbourhood, this place is totally worth the drive.

Check out our blog at www.tofoodreviews.com","[""i came across the burger's priest purely by accident one day when i was biking in the beaches neighbourhood."", ""it's an easy little place to overlook; it's just a small shop with little advertising way out on queen east."", 'but boy am i ever glad i stumbled onto this place.', ""hands down this was one of the best burgers i've had in toronto."", 'first off, it was actually cooked a little over medium-- without me asking!', 'but for me, it was pure fry bliss.', ""the space is modern, clean, and stainless-steel heavy, but because of it's size, it only has seating for about 4 people."", 'once the place gets a lineup, which at peak times is completely inevitable, the seating area gets really cramped and is unpleasant to eat in.', ""next time you happen out to the beaches, definitely check this place out, or even if you're not in the neighbourhood, this place is totally worth the drive."", 'check out our blog at www.tofoodreviews.com']",15,426
177,The Kensington Cornerstone Restaurant,"The Kensington Cornerstone offers a gluten free menu.  It has gluten free beer.  It has a cute patio and it's painted to look like a circus tent.  I chose it for all of the aforementioned reasons.  It checked a lot of boxes on my list.  I won't be going back.

This past weekend found me turning another year older, and because I've been experimenting with a gluten-reduced diet as of late, I decided my birthday dinner should be had at the Kensington Cornerstone.  I looked at pictures.  I perused the menu.  I read reviews.  It all seemed positive.

It was a beautiful evening, so I was happy that we snagged a spot on the patio.  We had to wait awhile for our drink order to be taken, but at this point we were still taking in our surroundings, people watching (Kensington offers some of the best), and trying to catch passing bubbles being dispensed from somewhere across the street. 

Just when I was at the point of helping myself to my neighbouring tables' pitcher of beer, our waitress appeared.  The up side to the wait was that we had enough time to choose not only our drinks but our meals, so we placed all of our orders to make up for lost time.  While we had intended to order one of their pitchers of sangria (and/or mojitos, and/or margaritas), we all ended up opting for beer.  My girlfriend and my mom split a pitcher of Upper Canada Lager, while I decided to try one of their 4 gluten free selections.  I figured having a wheat beer with my gluten free meal would be like washing down a pie with a diet pop, so I stuck to my guns.  I've had what Nicklebrook has to offer in the line of GF beer, so I was looking forward to trying a new one.  I asked our server what the most popular one was, and she pointed me in the direction of a red ale by La Messagre that operates out of Montreal.

When our drinks arrived, I took that first sip so full of hope, and for a split second I thought I was going to have the chance to gloat in the face of my girlfriend (I know, I'm nice aren't I?) that my beer didn't taste horrible.  I didn't have that chance.  Did I just drink beer?  Or did I just suck on a penny?  Even I was a bit confused at that point.  It started off so well, but then finished with a strong metallic and bitter taste that seemed to coat my tongue and the back of my throat.  Bitter...just like I was at that point.

So by this time about 30 minutes had passed since we ordered.  Our thirst was quenched but we were more than peckish.  Thank goodness our server was coming our way!  But instead of food, she came bearing bad news.  My girlfriend would not be dining on the stuffed peppers that she had ordered as they had run out, and for some reason, they just thought to tell her now.  Not only would we have to wait even longer for our food, but our plan to share our meals was scrapped as we now both had the pulled pork sandwich coming to us. 

(Sound of clock ticking)

Another half hour passed and our meals finally arrived.  As hungry as I was I couldn't make it through my sandwich ($13).  It looked appetizing enough, but the pork wasn't nearly as tender as it should have been (I've been spoiled by the likes of Fidel Gastro lately), and the sauce was a bit of a turn-off, being too heavy on the tomato and cilantro.  The gluten free bread was quite good, and even had a bit of a cheesy crust but unfortunately it had been sitting in pork juice, so it was now more of a sponge.  Yes, a pulled pork sandwich should definitely be messy, but you should still be able to pick it up. 

My mom was impressed with her salmon ($18), but she wouldn't complain if there was a gun to her head.  It did look good though, and the portion was generous, so not all was lost.

Looking back on it now I wish I had just scrapped the GF diet and stuck with an old faithful restaurant.  What was I thinking trying to eliminate carbs for my birthday dinner?  Why did I go out of my way to both experiment with a restaurant and deprive myself of something I love on my special day?  Who does that?  So while I'm not taking the blame away from the restaurant, I will share some of it with them...but only some as the service was really what ruined our experience.  Maybe the food wasn't amazing, but the fact that we had to wait so long for it was the added insult.  The servers themselves were lovely girls, but somewhere back in the kitchen, the ball was dropped. 

After we begrudgingly paid our bill, I decided to throw the whole GF thing out the window and head to Ronnie's for a bottle of (gluten rich) 50 to end the night on a positive note. As we sat there on the patio I couldn't help but stare across the road at The Grilled Cheese.  Oh, what could have been.","['the kensington cornerstone offers a gluten free menu.', 'it has gluten free beer.', ""it has a cute patio and it's painted to look like a circus tent."", ""after we begrudgingly paid our bill, i decided to throw the whole gf thing out the window and head to ronnie's for a bottle of (gluten rich) 50 to end the night on a positive note."", ""as we sat there on the patio i couldn't help but stare across the road at the grilled cheese."", 'oh, what could have been.']",51,41
178,Snap On Optics,"i got a pair of  loupes from snap on optics.  i love them, they are light and very well designed. Ray, the owner, is so professional and helpful on the phone.  He only needs my eye prescription and my picture in order to make the loupes and i don't even have to come in his office. the loupes are amazing, i could see much better and my dental work came out excellent. i am so happy to have these loupes. also their light is bright and i could see very clearly. i would highly recommend snap on optics loupes and light  to anyone i know.  thanks so much Ray and Snap on optics.","['i got a pair of  loupes from snap on optics.', 'i love them, they are light and very well designed.', 'ray, the owner, is so professional and helpful on the phone.', ""he only needs my eye prescription and my picture in order to make the loupes and i don't even have to come in his office."", 'the loupes are amazing, i could see much better and my dental work came out excellent.', 'i am so happy to have these loupes.', 'also their light is bright and i could see very clearly.', 'i would highly recommend snap on optics loupes and light  to anyone i know.', 'thanks so much ray and snap on optics.']",9,23
179,Elizabeth's Moments Of Joy,What a nice and friendly person that answered the phone.  I was looking for a tree nut free cupcake she was unfortunately not able to help me but gave me great advice and was very willing to give me a few suggestions.,"['what a nice and friendly person that answered the phone.', 'i was looking for a tree nut free cupcake she was unfortunately not able to help me but gave me great advice and was very willing to give me a few suggestions.']",2,10
180,Indigo Springs Apartments,I have been here 3 1/2 years.   The staff is always smiling and helpful.   Yes it takes maintenance a little longer then they should but it seems like a large place for only 2 guys to handel.   The fitness center needs a little upgrade but I have lived at other places and this is a great place.  I see a few people complaining and name calling which I find childish.  If they hate it so much why don't they move.,"['i have been here 3 1/2 years.', 'the staff is always smiling and helpful.', 'yes it takes maintenance a little longer then they should but it seems like a large place for only 2 guys to handel.', 'the fitness center needs a little upgrade but i have lived at other places and this is a great place.', 'i see a few people complaining and name calling which i find childish.', ""if they hate it so much why don't they move.""]",6,16
181,DISH,"I am going on a long vacation out of the country and talked to DISH on Sept 19. 2016. I told them to cancel my service on Sept 30, 2016. I also was told to give them notice at least two before to get the return boxes. I did this on the 19 and was told the boxes would be sent. Now on the 27 no boxes. I called again the agent said they were sent wait two more day now the 29 no boxes. I just called today to find out the boxes were never sent. I am leaving on October 4, 2016. The person said they would try to get the boxes to me before October 3 and also gave me a number of one of there retailer outlet. This was to see if they would pick up the equipment they said they could not if they did I would be charged month to month. This again shows DISH has no service or communication within their company. I am very disappointed that I have been lie to by over three representative. I do not expect to see the boxes for the return in the time they promised. I would not recommend this company if something as easy as this cannot be processed.","['i am going on a long vacation out of the country and talked to dish on sept 19.', '2016. i told them to cancel my service on sept 30, 2016. i also was told to give them notice at least two before to get the return boxes.', 'i did this on the 19 and was told the boxes would be sent.', 'now on the 27 no boxes.', 'i called again the agent said they were sent wait two more day now the 29 no boxes.', 'this was to see if they would pick up the equipment they said they could not if they did i would be charged month to month.', 'this again shows dish has no service or communication within their company.', 'i am very disappointed that i have been lie to by over three representative.', 'i do not expect to see the boxes for the return in the time they promised.', 'i would not recommend this company if something as easy as this cannot be processed.']",12,50
182,Foundation Room,This place is not just a restaurant has a great bar and a outside deck with one of the best views of Las Vegas. The food is good and selections is limited. Drink are on the expensive side and it is a private club. I would recommend there steak with crab. It has a disco at night at 10 pm the space is small and can be crowded. I would recommend this place and I am going back again.,"['this place is not just a restaurant has a great bar and a outside deck with one of the best views of las vegas.', 'the food is good and selections is limited.', 'drink are on the expensive side and it is a private club.', 'i would recommend there steak with crab.', 'it has a disco at night at 10 pm the space is small and can be crowded.', 'i would recommend this place and i am going back again.']",6,554
183,Cafe Rio,It great fast food and get large portions. It seem to be fresh and the server are friendly. I gone there many time and it alway good. I like their burritos usually it so big can only eat half and save the rest. I am recommending it to all my friends. You can choose what you want with any of the items on the menu.,"['it great fast food and get large portions.', 'it seem to be fresh and the server are friendly.', 'i gone there many time and it alway good.', 'i like their burritos usually it so big can only eat half and save the rest.', 'i am recommending it to all my friends.', 'you can choose what you want with any of the items on the menu.']",6,171
184,North Beach Italian Bistro,I went there a couple week ago. The service was great small place. I had there osso buco meat it was good so much could only eat half. Wine was good by the glass a Malbec. I and my friend had there seafood soup was very good. I would recommend you try this place,"['i went there a couple week ago.', 'the service was great small place.', 'i had there osso buco meat it was good so much could only eat half.', 'wine was good by the glass a malbec.', 'i and my friend had there seafood soup was very good.', 'i would recommend you try this place']",6,223
185,CenturyLink Store,I call them to switch to their service for both TV and Internet. They schedule a service Tech to come out to my home on Saturday between 12 and 2 pm. I was home to make sure I would be there when they arrived. 2 PM no one arrived it was on Saturday I tried to call there service. There office was closed and no way to get a hold of anyone. Now I still waited to 4 PM still no call finally I got a call but it said un know number. I got a message they were at my service box again no one was even close to my home. I called them Monday morning asking what was the problem they told me I could not get service for TV in my area really. After they had schedule a appointment and there customer service people did not even know they could not give me these services. I wasted a whole Saturday waiting for these people. Their customer service is horrible do not waist your time. Now I know why they have such a low rating.,"['i call them to switch to their service for both tv and internet.', 'they schedule a service tech to come out to my home on saturday between 12 and 2 pm.', 'i was home to make sure i would be there when they arrived.', '2 pm no one arrived it was on saturday i tried to call there service.', 'there office was closed and no way to get a hold of anyone.', 'i called them monday morning asking what was the problem they told me i could not get service for tv in my area really.', 'after they had schedule a appointment and there customer service people did not even know they could not give me these services.', 'i wasted a whole saturday waiting for these people.', 'their customer service is horrible do not waist your time.', 'now i know why they have such a low rating.']",12,126
186,Teriyaki Madness,Great fast food restaurant large portions. The food is good taste and great bargains. The service is good the restaurant is clean. I had the Teriyaki hot chicken with rice and steam vegetables. Had enough food for two meals would recommend this restaurant for familes,"['great fast food restaurant large portions.', 'the food is good taste and great bargains.', 'the service is good the restaurant is clean.', 'i had the teriyaki hot chicken with rice and steam vegetables.', 'had enough food for two meals would recommend this restaurant for familes']",5,121
187,Andiron Steak & Sea,"Just had dinner here last night Got there at 5:15 very few people at this time but did fill up in the next hour. I had the SEAFOOD PAPPARDELLE (shrimp, lobster, scallop, basil, saffron-tomato sauce) $ 30 The bread was fresh but to salty for my taste
This was delicious the sauce had good body and had real body with great taste. The large noodles were great with good portions. It was perfect did not over eat and was so good I finished every bit. I would recommend this restaurant and will go back again. Its know as steak house so next time will try the steaks. They also have a brunch maybe will try this. Its located across from the Lucky Dog Restaurant","['just had dinner here last night got there at 5:15 very few people at this time but did fill up in the next hour.', 'i had the seafood pappardelle (shrimp, lobster, scallop, basil, saffron-tomato sauce) $ 30 the bread was fresh but to salty for my taste this was delicious the sauce had good body and had real body with great taste.', 'the large noodles were great with good portions.', 'it was perfect did not over eat and was so good i finished every bit.', 'i would recommend this restaurant and will go back again.', 'its know as steak house so next time will try the steaks.', 'they also have a brunch maybe will try this.', 'its located across from the lucky dog restaurant']",8,471
188,Las Vegas Discount Beds,I was just at their new store on Cheyenne on Sunday. I wanted a soft mattress Christine gave me a great selection. I told her I only wanted to spend up to $1200 dollars. I had more than 4 choices all were less than I had planned. I had checked other stores first and the mattress I got was equal or even better at half the price. They even gave me sheet and cover for the mattress as a bonus for shopping at the new store. I did not realize they also sold furniture pick up a full 5 piece bedroom set. It was just like the ones I had been looked at some of the bigger furniture stores again half the price. I going to tell all my friend check this store first.,"['i was just at their new store on cheyenne on sunday.', 'i wanted a soft mattress christine gave me a great selection.', 'i told her i only wanted to spend up to $1200 dollars.', 'i had more than 4 choices all were less than i had planned.', 'i had checked other stores first and the mattress i got was equal or even better at half the price.', 'they even gave me sheet and cover for the mattress as a bonus for shopping at the new store.', 'i did not realize they also sold furniture pick up a full 5 piece bedroom set.', 'it was just like the ones i had been looked at some of the bigger furniture stores again half the price.', 'i going to tell all my friend check this store first.']",9,34
189,Encore Beach Club at Night,Its a nice club open air with swimming pools there are two levels of private areas overlooking the pools. The club and bar are small and the dance floor small. It great you have plenty of space where you can relax and talk. Best to go on warm nights total outdoors. Atmosphere is relax and recommend this club,"['its a nice club open air with swimming pools there are two levels of private areas overlooking the pools.', 'the club and bar are small and the dance floor small.', 'it great you have plenty of space where you can relax and talk.', 'best to go on warm nights total outdoors.', 'atmosphere is relax and recommend this club']",5,840
194,Awesome Mannered Canines,"I can't say enough about what Brenda has done for us. My husband and I rescued Pepper and knew he was the dog for us despite the expected behavior problems coming from a rescued pup! She helped me identify the core of our issues with Pepper, and we faced them head-on! I had a perfectly behaved dog inside my apartment; sit, stay, free, park it (code for go lay down)- no problem! Our struggle was on walks and going anywhere. Pepper is an incredibly protective pup, and any dog or cat we saw, from any distance, would evoke jumping and barking which was incredibly impactful on our lifestyle. I had zero control over him outside of the apartment. Brenda taught me how to gain control outside of my home, and brought a variety of different dogs to increase Pepper's tolerance to dogs and to practice my new favorite term ""LEAVE IT!"". 

Long story short, we are still working everyday to improve Pepper's socialization, but we recently had a doggy play date and he did AMAZING! I can go on walks without an overwhelming feeling of panic, walk by cats without worry, and can even take the occasional hike when we know we only have to practice ""leave it"" a few times :) I am no longer afraid to take our dog for a long walk, or to bring him to new places!","[""i can't say enough about what brenda has done for us."", 'my husband and i rescued pepper and knew he was the dog for us despite the expected behavior problems coming from a rescued pup!', 'she helped me identify the core of our issues with pepper, and we faced them head-on!', 'i had a perfectly behaved dog inside my apartment; sit, stay, free, park it (code for go lay down)- no problem!', 'our struggle was on walks and going anywhere.', 'pepper is an incredibly protective pup, and any dog or cat we saw, from any distance, would evoke jumping and barking which was incredibly impactful on our lifestyle.', 'i had zero control over him outside of the apartment.', 'brenda taught me how to gain control outside of my home, and brought a variety of different dogs to increase pepper\'s tolerance to dogs and to practice my new favorite term ""leave it!"".', ""long story short, we are still working everyday to improve pepper's socialization, but we recently had a doggy play date and he did amazing!"", 'i can go on walks without an overwhelming feeling of panic, walk by cats without worry, and can even take the occasional hike when we know we only have to practice ""leave it"" a few times :) i am no longer afraid to take our dog for a long walk, or to bring him to new places!']",10,38
195,Roses Today LV,"I do NOT recommend this store. They were so bad it actually made me set up a Yelp account so that I could review them. A friend sent flowers for my birthday which they tried to deliver late in the afternoon when I was not at home.  When the girl called she said that they would redeliver the flowers the next morning. I told her to bring them to my neighbor as that I would not be at home. My neighbor waited at home till 12 noon and no flowers arrived.  I  got home at 12 and called them and said where are my flowers?  The woman apologized and said that her supervisor would give me a call. Of course, no call. So, I called them yet again. They said they were on the truck and would be here by the end of the day.  Once again no flowers. So I called again and said, hey it's almost closing time for you where are my flowers? The answer was don't worry they'll be there.  They weren't.  Next morning my father waited at my house for the delivery of the missing flowers. Of course again no flowers.  So I called them at 12 noon again and said if I do not have them by the end of the day I would be coming into the store personally and picking up my flowers or canceling the order for my friend. Shockingly, the flowers showed up a half hour later. Of course, they were no longer in the best condition. They weren't horrible but they weren't the freshest either. Of course they were now almost 3 days late. I would NOT recommend this store. They didn't even seem to care that was the worst part.","['i do not recommend this store.', 'they were so bad it actually made me set up a yelp account so that i could review them.', 'a friend sent flowers for my birthday which they tried to deliver late in the afternoon when i was not at home.', 'of course they were now almost 3 days late.', 'i would not recommend this store.', ""they didn't even seem to care that was the worst part.""]",24,17
196,Nando Milano Trattoria,Great authentic addition to champaign. Dario and Alessio have done an incredible job and I can't wait to go back again and again!,"['great authentic addition to champaign.', ""dario and alessio have done an incredible job and i can't wait to go back again and again!""]",2,170
197,Ginbu 401,"I have passed this spot hundreds of times but being a creature of habit, I have never stopped to try, opting instead for Fenwick's (Oh! Fenwick's-- must write a review!)which is almost next door.  When I found a coupon in our Citipass book for a free sushi roll, I decided to give it a try.

Unassuming atmosphere, which I appreciate.  Generally, when I dine, I am looking for a food experience, espeically in this price-point.  They have a very limited wine list, and a very limited beer selection, no cocktails!  Which, again, is all fine... who can't enjoy a Tsing Tao?

We ordered a spicy tuna roll, a summer roll (special roll of the evening), and a crunchy roll.  My husband enjoyed all of them.  I, on the other hand, don't love spicy mayo on all of my rolls, so I enjoyed but did not love.  But, for the price, it is definitely worth a try.  I fear I have turned into a sushi snob :(

Our service was fine.

Tip-- Wear a sweater!  It was freezing in there!","[""i have passed this spot hundreds of times but being a creature of habit, i have never stopped to try, opting instead for fenwick's (oh!"", ""fenwick's-- must write a review!"", ')which is almost next door.', 'when i found a coupon in our citipass book for a free sushi roll, i decided to give it a try.', 'unassuming atmosphere, which i appreciate.', ""i, on the other hand, don't love spicy mayo on all of my rolls, so i enjoyed but did not love."", 'but, for the price, it is definitely worth a try.', 'i fear i have turned into a sushi snob :(  our service was fine.', 'tip-- wear a sweater!', 'it was freezing in there!']",15,176
198,McAlister's Deli,"This is a fine place to dine but nothing special.  I do appreciate that they have vegetarian chili which is the perfect topping for their taco salad.  The taco salad is good, as are the huge baked potatoes.  

Kids dine free at McAlister's on various evenings, but the kids menu is not great and the portions are for toddlers. 

This is a quick in and out, and in the winter a good place to grab a cup of soup, as the offerings change daily.  

The sweet tea gets 4 stars.","['this is a fine place to dine but nothing special.', 'i do appreciate that they have vegetarian chili which is the perfect topping for their taco salad.', 'the taco salad is good, as are the huge baked potatoes.', ""kids dine free at mcalister's on various evenings, but the kids menu is not great and the portions are for toddlers."", 'this is a quick in and out, and in the winter a good place to grab a cup of soup, as the offerings change daily.', 'the sweet tea gets 4 stars.']",6,39
199,Birdsong Brewing,"Jalapeno Pale Ale?  Yes, please!  Mexicali Stout?  Yep!  The on-site brewed beer here is awesome.  Creative, delicious and local.  A perfect hat trick of beers!

They had a great accoustic singer who started in the afternoon but got talked into playing into the evening... he was fantastic.

The atmosphere is pretty bare-bones, which is nice.  A long picnic table, some bar tables and some covered outdoor seating that I cannot wait to try.  It was COLD in there, my husband wore his coat and I used mine as a blanket... 

The service is friendly.  The crowd, as usual for NODA, is ecclectic and fun, friendly and non-pretentious.  They also offer a 1/2 gallon fill-up to go, or to enjoy on-site, which was a great price at $14.

Bonus: they serve peanuts.","['jalapeno pale ale?', 'yes, please!', 'mexicali stout?', 'yep!', 'the on-site brewed beer here is awesome.', 'a long picnic table, some bar tables and some covered outdoor seating that i cannot wait to try.', 'it was cold in there, my husband wore his coat and i used mine as a blanket...   the service is friendly.', 'the crowd, as usual for noda, is ecclectic and fun, friendly and non-pretentious.', 'they also offer a 1/2 gallon fill-up to go, or to enjoy on-site, which was a great price at $14.', 'bonus: they serve peanuts.']",14,84
200,Crpe Cellar,"Seriously? This restaurant has 4 crepe options on the menu for dinner.  Totally disappointed. The spinach and mushroom crepe was delicious but it was the only vegetarian option.  Call me crazy, but with a name like ""Crepe Cellar"" I imagined several options...

The tap beers are a sampling of the UK... Which is great but the best local brews are a block away.

The atmosphere is nice.  We sat at the bar.  My hubs had the fish and chips, which he enjoyed.  We skipped dessert.  MIght be a better option for brunch?","['seriously?', 'this restaurant has 4 crepe options on the menu for dinner.', 'totally disappointed.', 'the spinach and mushroom crepe was delicious but it was the only vegetarian option.', 'call me crazy, but with a name like ""crepe cellar"" i imagined several options...  the tap beers are a sampling of the uk... which is great but the best local brews are a block away.', 'the atmosphere is nice.', 'we sat at the bar.', 'my hubs had the fish and chips, which he enjoyed.', 'we skipped dessert.', 'might be a better option for brunch?']",10,349
201,Noah's Art,"My 5 year old attended art camp here with a friend.  It was a 3 hour camp and when I realized it was only 4 days instead of 5, the value of this camp sharply decreased... oh!  but wait a minute... they released a coupon for pay for one child and the second goes free!  Score!  This only worked for me because I had not paid for our session yet.  Had I already paid, this deal would not have applied.  Imagine how disappointed my responsible, early-paying friend was when she realized the offer was not available to her!

The camp itself was well run and organized.  The art work was adorable.  My daughter had a great time and did not get too messy!  They also gave them fun snacks.

The camp is advertised for up to age 10 but my ""free"" 10 year old only went twice as it is really geared toward the younger children.","['my 5 year old attended art camp here with a friend.', 'it was a 3 hour camp and when i realized it was only 4 days instead of 5, the value of this camp sharply decreased... oh!', 'but wait a minute... they released a coupon for pay for one child and the second goes free!', 'score!', 'this only worked for me because i had not paid for our session yet.', 'the camp itself was well run and organized.', 'the art work was adorable.', 'my daughter had a great time and did not get too messy!', 'they also gave them fun snacks.', 'the camp is advertised for up to age 10 but my ""free"" 10 year old only went twice as it is really geared toward the younger children.']",12,5
202,The Chop Shop NoDa,"I love a lot of things and live music is at the top of my list.  This venue has a great old school place feel and is a fun place to take in a show.  It appeared to be cement from floors to ceiling, with two different stages- one for a bigger show and one for a smaller crowd. (It is definitely not the Belk Theatre but I cut my teeth at the Milestone, so a grungy-ish venue is fun for me). There were pool table(s), a few booths and bar tables near the bar, and a great outdoor area with seating and fun, colorful lights.  The bartenders were friendly and they have a great selection of beer on tap-- and the beer is reasonably priced!  They also have a full bar... but with some good local beers on tap, why not support our budding QC brewery market?

The accousitcs were fine.  But, I enjoyed the Prince concert at TWC which received awful reviews for accoustics... 

I am jazzed about another great venue from which I can get my music fix!  Psychedelic Furs, anyone?","['i love a lot of things and live music is at the top of my list.', 'this venue has a great old school place feel and is a fun place to take in a show.', 'it appeared to be cement from floors to ceiling, with two different stages- one for a bigger show and one for a smaller crowd.', '(it is definitely not the belk theatre but i cut my teeth at the milestone, so a grungy-ish venue is fun for me).', 'there were pool table(s), a few booths and bar tables near the bar, and a great outdoor area with seating and fun, colorful lights.', 'the bartenders were friendly and they have a great selection of beer on tap-- and the beer is reasonably priced!', 'they also have a full bar... but with some good local beers on tap, why not support our budding qc brewery market?', 'the accousitcs were fine.', 'but, i enjoyed the prince concert at twc which received awful reviews for accoustics...   i am jazzed about another great venue from which i can get my music fix!', 'psychedelic furs, anyone?']",10,25
203,Target,"Target at Midtown is a fantastic shopping experience, especially if you happen to have Val as your cashier.  She is a smack-talking hoot!

Seriously, with parking that protects you from rain and all aisles usually open, how can you not love this Target?  

Don't get me wrong, I am all about shopping local, but with 3 children that need a dump truck load of back-to-school supplies, Target is my choice.  And, seriously, where else can you pick up a cute top, scarf and set of sheets, while simultaneously loading up a cart with colored pencils, paper, and notebooks?  (And their junior dept. clothes, while tricky to find smaller sizes, are hard to distinguish from pricier brands... a huge bonus to this mother of a middle schooler).","['target at midtown is a fantastic shopping experience, especially if you happen to have val as your cashier.', 'she is a smack-talking hoot!', 'seriously, with parking that protects you from rain and all aisles usually open, how can you not love this target?', ""don't get me wrong, i am all about shopping local, but with 3 children that need a dump truck load of back-to-school supplies, target is my choice."", 'and, seriously, where else can you pick up a cute top, scarf and set of sheets, while simultaneously loading up a cart with colored pencils, paper, and notebooks?', '(and their junior dept.', 'clothes, while tricky to find smaller sizes, are hard to distinguish from pricier brands... a huge bonus to this mother of a middle schooler).']",7,113
204,Fenwick's,"I am not a 5-star person.  I think everyone/everything has room for improvement.  But, Fenwick's?  They are spot-on, delicious every time.  

This is owned and operated by Catherine, of Catherine's on Providence for any old-time Charlottean.  She is a superb chef!  Her culinary and wine skills are some of the best in Charlotte.

This is not fine dining.  It is not fancy.  In fact, it is quirky and small and you often feel a little close to your dining neighbor.  

Must try:  Tomato Bisque Soup, it comes as a side option with their meals.  My hubbie says these are the best burgers in Charlotte... I am a veggie, and I beleive their grilled veggie burger is the best in town.  Their fries are great.  Sweet potato fries?  Delicious!  Tuna salad, with  melt-in-your-mouth croutons and an array of homemade dressings to choose from?  Pure yumminess.  My husband also adores the club sandwich.  Oh, and the muffins.  Delectable!

As creatures of habit, my order is always the same: Veggie burger, with cheese, side of soup and fruit.  And this is a 5-star meal delivered with 5-star service.  

Sit at the bar and get to know your neighbors!

Pretty tight for families with children... I don't bring my younger ones in here.","['i am not a 5-star person.', 'i think everyone/everything has room for improvement.', ""but, fenwick's?"", 'and this is a 5-star meal delivered with 5-star service.', 'sit at the bar and get to know your neighbors!', ""pretty tight for families with children... i don't bring my younger ones in here.""]",24,112
205,Ben Thanh,"Me loves!

The stir fried wide noodles are perfection!  

The make your own spring rolls are my favorite... a big plate overflowing with fresh mint, basil, cilantro, noodles, bean sprouts, cucumber, and tofu.  Soak your rice wrap in the hot water, fill with goodness, squirt with siriachi, and dip in sauce.  Delight taste buds.  Repeat. Again and again.

The atmosphere is nothing to write home about but with authentic food like this, who cares?

--Restroom is yucky, bring sanitizer--
--My kids love this dining experience--","['me loves!', 'the stir fried wide noodles are perfection!', 'the make your own spring rolls are my favorite... a big plate overflowing with fresh mint, basil, cilantro, noodles, bean sprouts, cucumber, and tofu.', 'soak your rice wrap in the hot water, fill with goodness, squirt with siriachi, and dip in sauce.', 'delight taste buds.', 'repeat.', 'again and again.', 'the atmosphere is nothing to write home about but with authentic food like this, who cares?', '--restroom is yucky, bring sanitizer-- --my kids love this dining experience--']",9,80
206,Lang Van Vietnamese,"This has been a favorite for 13 years or more.  I have tried a lot of the menu items and have never been disappointed, but my favorite remains the make-your-own spring rolls.  A close second is the vegetable hotpot, and my children love (like squeal-out-loud love) the fried pineapple rice-- it arrives in a pineapple boat and it is delicious.

First off-- you do not come here for atmosphere.  They have gussied the place up a bit with some fake bamboo and updated posters on the walls.  The fact that you can see a run down laundromat and a car inspeciton station that may or may not be boarded up should not deter you from this spot.  

Do come for the hot tea, the service, and the food.  It is outstanding.  Although, the rumor is the ""original"" Lang Van owners are now the owners of Ben Thanh (which might explain my love affair with that restaurant).  The staff is so helpful and knowledgable in assisting with food selections.  We have taken several people here for their first visit and our waitperson has always helped make selections that were enjoyed by our guests!

The food is plentiful.  You will not leave here hungry!  Flat noodles, hot pots and spring rolls are our favorites (and the aforementioned fried pineapple).  We also love the little cookies that come with the check... perfectly sweet but do have peanuts.

--This is a FUN place to bring a small group of people (6ish) to sit around a round table and share food.--

--This is a great restaurant for children to experience delicious and healthy food.  The servers dote on well-behaved children here.--","['this has been a favorite for 13 years or more.', 'i have tried a lot of the menu items and have never been disappointed, but my favorite remains the make-your-own spring rolls.', 'a close second is the vegetable hotpot, and my children love (like squeal-out-loud love) the fried pineapple rice-- it arrives in a pineapple boat and it is delicious.', 'we also love the little cookies that come with the check... perfectly sweet but do have peanuts.', '--this is a fun place to bring a small group of people (6ish) to sit around a round table and share food.--  --this is a great restaurant for children to experience delicious and healthy food.', 'the servers dote on well-behaved children here.--']",17,320
207,Myers Park Baptist Church,"I cannot say enough about this church and I don't know where to start!

Aside from the obvious, the church is utterly gorgeous, the people are what make this place truly spectacular.  There is a widely diverse population at this church, which can be surprising to new visitors.  There is a Buddhist group that meets here, a Sunday School class for LGBT and friends, and people of all colors.  The minister here is Stephen Shoemaker and he is incredibly educated, intellectual and compassionate.  He is a pillar in the faith community in Charlotte.  The outreach of this church is also impressive.  Service projects and taking care of thy neighbor abounds here.

There are great Sunday School classes for adults and children alike.  The little ones often are found riding tricycles in the gym after SS and during the church service.  There are sports teams, a gym, art classes, computer classes, etc... offered here.  We have participated in many and loved them all.

They also have really great small group offerings-- interested in art?  drinking beer at pubs?  going to movies?  and somehow tying this back into Christianity?  Or maybe you want to be an earth keeper, a hiker or a yogi?  They have it all.

My favorite thing about this church?  No need to check your intellect at the door.","[""i cannot say enough about this church and i don't know where to start!"", 'aside from the obvious, the church is utterly gorgeous, the people are what make this place truly spectacular.', 'there is a widely diverse population at this church, which can be surprising to new visitors.', 'they have it all.', 'my favorite thing about this church?', 'no need to check your intellect at the door.']",20,3
208,"Leang Eap, ND","Dr. Eap is a healer in the truest sense of the word.  She not only has her Naturopathic degree from one of the most esteemed programs in the country, she also lived and studied with ancient healers and monks in Asia.  She is a true holistic practitioner-- mind, body, spirit.  This is an experience unlike any other...

She uses kinesiology to test the body for weaknesses.  She then prescribes any array of herbal supplements, and other unconventional treatments.  Sometimes it feels a little voo-doo-ish, but conventional doctors are just ""practicing"" medicine and dispensing potent drugs with known side effects... both seem scary to me, but the natural approach seems less so.  And, honestly, I showed up barely able to function from tiredness and fatigue, beaten up from medical procedures and under the care of an oncologist (for a noncancerous condition).  She really restored my energy.

I credit Dr. Eap for restoring my health back to a place of wellness.  

--It is expensive and not covered by insurance--
--I eventually had to stop going, the supplements were getting to be too many for me to keep up with--
--I will definitely go again, when my pocketbook and time can manage it--","['dr. eap is a healer in the truest sense of the word.', 'she not only has her naturopathic degree from one of the most esteemed programs in the country, she also lived and studied with ancient healers and monks in asia.', 'she is a true holistic practitioner-- mind, body, spirit.', 'this is an experience unlike any other...  she uses kinesiology to test the body for weaknesses.', 'she then prescribes any array of herbal supplements, and other unconventional treatments.', 'sometimes it feels a little voo-doo-ish, but conventional doctors are just ""practicing"" medicine and dispensing potent drugs with known side effects... both seem scary to me, but the natural approach seems less so.', 'and, honestly, i showed up barely able to function from tiredness and fatigue, beaten up from medical procedures and under the care of an oncologist (for a noncancerous condition).', 'she really restored my energy.', 'i credit dr. eap for restoring my health back to a place of wellness.', '--it is expensive and not covered by insurance-- --i eventually had to stop going, the supplements were getting to be too many for me to keep up with-- --i will definitely go again, when my pocketbook and time can manage it--']",10,6
209,WallerBears,"Great, knowledgeable and friendly service: first the nice manboy (not sure how old he is... looked like a baby, acted like a polite adult) was awesome in making sure I was buying the best helmets for my kids.  He went in and out of their stock room several times to get it all correct.  Secondly, he asked if I needed boxes (I didn't have to arm wrestle him for them!) and he was genuinely excited when he found out I was Santa(they loaded all my Christmas loot into my sleigh that looks like a Suburban).   They also have the cutest chocolate lab that is in here on occasion.  Seriously, who does not love the beautiful face and aggressive wagging of the tail of a lab?    This place has all the snow and skateboard gear one might need.  Great priced helmets for skating and skiing, great penny board selection.  

The Tom's, Ugg, Sanuk and Rainbow shoe selection is insane.  Seriously, blows Nordstrom out of the water... kids and adult sizes!  And Sanuks are hard to find... my husband loves them and so does my brother in law (who is a surgeon and on his feet all day).  They are also hip without being hipster :)  But, with skinny jeans could def fall into the hipster category!","['great, knowledgeable and friendly service: first the nice manboy (not sure how old he is... looked like a baby, acted like a polite adult) was awesome in making sure i was buying the best helmets for my kids.', 'he went in and out of their stock room several times to get it all correct.', ""secondly, he asked if i needed boxes (i didn't have to arm wrestle him for them!)"", 'and he was genuinely excited when he found out i was santa(they loaded all my christmas loot into my sleigh that looks like a suburban).', 'they also have the cutest chocolate lab that is in here on occasion.', 'great priced helmets for skating and skiing, great penny board selection.', ""the tom's, ugg, sanuk and rainbow shoe selection is insane."", 'seriously, blows nordstrom out of the water... kids and adult sizes!', 'and sanuks are hard to find... my husband loves them and so does my brother in law (who is a surgeon and on his feet all day).', 'they are also hip without being hipster :)  but, with skinny jeans could def fall into the hipster category!']",12,7
210,"Perry T Sowell Jr, DDS","I love Dr. Sowell and all of his office staff.  I could not find it in me to give a dentist 5-stars.  I dread, and I do mean, DREAD going to the dentist. 

His hygenists are awesome.  Melissa is my favorite.  HIs front desk staff is wonderful.  For those suffering from severe dental anxiety, he will give a magic pill 30 minutes prior to any work to be done.  I have not done this... yet.

He also sees well-behaved children. That said, he sees 2 of 3 of mine ;) and is great with them.

--their reschedule policy is difficult-- don't cancel appointments!","['i love dr. sowell and all of his office staff.', 'i could not find it in me to give a dentist 5-stars.', 'i dread, and i do mean, dread going to the dentist.', 'his hygenists are awesome.', 'melissa is my favorite.', 'for those suffering from severe dental anxiety, he will give a magic pill 30 minutes prior to any work to be done.', 'i have not done this... yet.', 'he also sees well-behaved children.', 'that said, he sees 2 of 3 of mine ;) and is great with them.', ""--their reschedule policy is difficult-- don't cancel appointments!""]",11,6
211,Burger King,"With $1.00 Icees (cherry, coke or mixed) and .50 cent vanilla ice cream cones, this is a great place to treat children to something ""special.""  The indoor play area is clean and never crowded.  

BK also offers veggie burgers but make sure to ask them to hold the mayo if you do not want your sandwich swimming in it.","['with $1.00 icees (cherry, coke or mixed) and .50 cent vanilla ice cream cones, this is a great place to treat children to something ""special.""', 'the indoor play area is clean and never crowded.', 'bk also offers veggie burgers but make sure to ask them to hold the mayo if you do not want your sandwich swimming in it.']",3,9
212,Latta Park,"I do love this park, really, I do... but, I do not feel safe here by myself or alone with my children, hence the 3 stars. In fact, I was stopped by a police officer who told me as much.  So, with 3 children in tow, we loaded up and went to another park.  I was thankful he told me this, as I was feeling like that but felt I was being paranoid.  Without that significant detail, this would be a 4 star park.  

I think the little splash park is big fun for younger children, although it can get quite crowded and there are, as always, those parents who do not monitor their children's behavior.

The playground is super fun!  Big, fast slide and great swings.  Great recycled plastic chips in lieu of mulch.

Awesome picnic shelter and wonderful, open field for kick ball or soccer.

Nice winding paths that feel like you are really in the woods instead of steps from one of Charlotte's cutest neighborhoods.

--I did find several used condoms on the playground and on the lovely walking paths.  

This is not a ""go-to"" park for me... Charlotte has too many wonderful options.","['i do love this park, really, i do... but, i do not feel safe here by myself or alone with my children, hence the 3 stars.', 'in fact, i was stopped by a police officer who told me as much.', 'so, with 3 children in tow, we loaded up and went to another park.', 'i was thankful he told me this, as i was feeling like that but felt i was being paranoid.', 'without that significant detail, this would be a 4 star park.', 'great recycled plastic chips in lieu of mulch.', 'awesome picnic shelter and wonderful, open field for kick ball or soccer.', ""nice winding paths that feel like you are really in the woods instead of steps from one of charlotte's cutest neighborhoods."", '--i did find several used condoms on the playground and on the lovely walking paths.', 'this is not a ""go-to"" park for me... charlotte has too many wonderful options.']",13,19
213,Freedom Park,"I love this park.  I love the tennis courts.  I love the lake (or pond?).  I love the aggressive geese that steal picnic dinners out of unsuspecting children's hands.  I love the interesting people that study, read, and play frisbee on ""hippie hill"".  I love the bridge to the band shell.  I love the yoga that is offered here on occasion.  I love the caddywampus dogs that people are walking here.  I love the random fishermen.  I love catching a little bit of a baseball game here.  I love the train.  I love the second playground with its big sandbox and swings.  I love the nature trails.  BUT, the thing I love the most is having a picnic in this park on a lovely day-- loading my car with scooters and bicycles and balls and dolls and watching my children behave wildly!  I also love the lacrosse for girls offered by CYLA at this park.  

--Festival in the Park is a fun (but crowded) event held here annually.
--lots of charity walks and runs here...
--bathrooms are at your own risk!  yucky!","['i love this park.', 'i love the tennis courts.', 'i love the lake (or pond?).', '--festival in the park is a fun (but crowded) event held here annually.', '--lots of charity walks and runs here... --bathrooms are at your own risk!', 'yucky!']",18,146
214,Kabob Grill,"The Leo has to be one of the best salads in Charlotte; with its chopped lettuce and mint and parsley, cucumber and tomatoes it cannot get into my mouth fast enough!  The pita that comes with it is perfect for sponging up the remaining lemon vinegarette that is too tasty to waste.

I like the falafel here, too.  Crispy on the outside and not mealy on the inside.  My hubs likes the meat specials and gyro.

and the baklava?  like taking a bite out of an angel.","['the leo has to be one of the best salads in charlotte; with its chopped lettuce and mint and parsley, cucumber and tomatoes it cannot get into my mouth fast enough!', 'the pita that comes with it is perfect for sponging up the remaining lemon vinegarette that is too tasty to waste.', 'i like the falafel here, too.', 'crispy on the outside and not mealy on the inside.', 'my hubs likes the meat specials and gyro.', 'and the baklava?', 'like taking a bite out of an angel.']",7,156
215,Harris Teeter,"I love this Teeter! Not as overwhelming as the Taj M'Teeter.  I generally find a good parking place and they generally have all otheir lanes open with a bagger in each lane.  I appreciate all of those things!  

If you shop VIC specials, the Teeter is a good value.  You will shoot your wad if you run in here unprepared, without a list in hand!

The management at this store is incredibly gracious.  I brought home some HT Organic Milk that was spoiled.  I returned it and they refunded my money and gave me the name brand equivalent.  

My kids love all the samples they have out in the store.  Bonus!","['i love this teeter!', ""not as overwhelming as the taj m'teeter."", 'i generally find a good parking place and they generally have all otheir lanes open with a bagger in each lane.', 'i appreciate all of those things!', 'if you shop vic specials, the teeter is a good value.', 'the management at this store is incredibly gracious.', 'i brought home some ht organic milk that was spoiled.', 'i returned it and they refunded my money and gave me the name brand equivalent.', 'my kids love all the samples they have out in the store.', 'bonus!']",11,21
216,Vestique,"One of life's most frustrating experiences is shopping for  (and with ) a middle school daughter.  She chose this as our destination.  Really, I was ready to open my wallet and just be done.  Too bad the sales staff was unhelpful and a little... rude.  I asked them, very pointedly, for help.  I knew my daughter would trust their opinion more than mine (and they were both wearing those mullet shirts --you know long in the back, short in the front-- and, well, that is just not a style I am able to work with, so I did not just want their help, I *needed* their help).  They nonchalantly pointed to a section of clothes that she ""might"" like.  I inquired about help with sizing, to which, again, I was met with no offer of help.  She tried on a few things but she was frustrated with sizing and I was annoyed, so we left, empty handed.

To be sure, this is not my style of clothing, but I know there are some school friends that have picked up some cute clothes in here.  With all the options available in Charlotte, and when I am paying full-retail pricing (to be fair-- their retail pricing is affordable/reasonable, hence 3 stars), I expect better and more helpful service.  

I opened my wallet somewhere else... where I got to sit and watch the salesgirls work their magic and help my daughter feel a little special.","[""one of life's most frustrating experiences is shopping for  (and with ) a middle school daughter."", 'she chose this as our destination.', 'really, i was ready to open my wallet and just be done.', 'too bad the sales staff was unhelpful and a little... rude.', 'i asked them, very pointedly, for help.', 'i inquired about help with sizing, to which, again, i was met with no offer of help.', 'she tried on a few things but she was frustrated with sizing and i was annoyed, so we left, empty handed.', 'to be sure, this is not my style of clothing, but i know there are some school friends that have picked up some cute clothes in here.', 'with all the options available in charlotte, and when i am paying full-retail pricing (to be fair-- their retail pricing is affordable/reasonable, hence 3 stars), i expect better and more helpful service.', 'i opened my wallet somewhere else... where i got to sit and watch the salesgirls work their magic and help my daughter feel a little special.']",12,18
217,Brazwells Premium Pub,"Great place to watch a game.  On Sundays they have a make-your-own Bloody Mary bar which is outstanding.  They are also cheap-- $4 (I think) and also have a Mimosa special.  

I have not eaten a meal here.  I have had the pimento cheese dip (which was an awful consistency-- think not-all-the-way melted Velveeta), I have seen the wings, and had a various assortment of fried bar food.  It was all fine.  My friends thought the burger was delicious-- both were suffering from the liquor flu so I am not trusting their judgment 100%.

The service here has never been good.  

The location works.  The back patio is fun (has its own bar) and the Bloody Mary bar is fun.  This is a place to go and drink, not go to eat.  And don't be surprised if you have to get your own drink from the bar because your server is no where to be found.

Maybe I am just disgruntled.  I miss the Press box being here...","['great place to watch a game.', 'on sundays they have a make-your-own bloody mary bar which is outstanding.', 'they are also cheap-- $4 (i think) and also have a mimosa special.', 'i have not eaten a meal here.', 'i have had the pimento cheese dip (which was an awful consistency-- think not-all-the-way melted velveeta), i have seen the wings, and had a various assortment of fried bar food.', 'the back patio is fun (has its own bar) and the bloody mary bar is fun.', 'this is a place to go and drink, not go to eat.', ""and don't be surprised if you have to get your own drink from the bar because your server is no where to be found."", 'maybe i am just disgruntled.', 'i miss the press box being here...']",14,136
218,The Fillmore Charlotte,"I love The Fillmore.  I was between 4 and 5 stars and the reason I went with 4 stars is because I paid $18 on Wednesday night for two Bud Lights.... and I think that is ridiculous.  And I am not a fan of the VIP seating they had on the second level for the Willie Nelson concert... it took up way too much room, making the venue feel a little overcrowded.  These seats were not there for the Black Crowes or Five for Fighting and I prefer them not to be there the next time I am lucky enough to take in a show here.

The bathrooms are great here, which is an added bonus and a surprise!

This venue is fantastic for those who love to get up close and for those who want a more intimate setting for a show.  Really, Willie was spectacular and I loved the small venue for such a big man.  It makes it nearly impossible to think of going to a coliseum/arena event.

Shows often sell out, so buy tickets early!","['i love the fillmore.', 'i was between 4 and 5 stars and the reason i went with 4 stars is because i paid $18 on wednesday night for two bud lights.... and i think that is ridiculous.', 'and i am not a fan of the vip seating they had on the second level for the willie nelson concert... it took up way too much room, making the venue feel a little overcrowded.', 'these seats were not there for the black crowes or five for fighting and i prefer them not to be there the next time i am lucky enough to take in a show here.', 'the bathrooms are great here, which is an added bonus and a surprise!', 'this venue is fantastic for those who love to get up close and for those who want a more intimate setting for a show.', 'really, willie was spectacular and i loved the small venue for such a big man.', 'it makes it nearly impossible to think of going to a coliseum/arena event.', 'shows often sell out, so buy tickets early!']",9,134
219,Slate Interiors,"I am a fan of Slate Interiors!  I love the art, the unique tables, lamps, chairs, chandeliers, home accessories, etc.. There is always something unique here that I want to take home with me.  It is the type of place that makes you dream of how you might decorate a beach house, a mountain house, a contemporary house, etc.. The prices are reasonable on most things.  Occasionally, I feel like the pricing has no rhyme or reason.

They tend to have great mid-century pieces but these move quickly!  A lot of their merchandise turns over, so it is always a new shopping experience.  If you see it and you want it-- BUY IT!  I have lost several great things because I wanted to ""think about it.""

The place is overflowing with wonderful local art.  I have noticed these pieces don't seem to sell as quickly as the furniture.

For the most part, the booths are well laid out with lovely inventory.  There are a few that could use a good makeover.

The people who work here are friendly, though I did buy an set of something and received a phone call that the price tag on the item was incorrect, it was not for both pieces of the pair but had been priced per item.  I was told I could either pay the new price or return the items.  I opted to return the items and they wanted it back within 24 hours.  As this was their mistake, and I live across town, I thought this was poor customer service.  

All in all it is in my top 5 places to browse interior goods.","['i am a fan of slate interiors!', 'i love the art, the unique tables, lamps, chairs, chandeliers, home accessories, etc.. there is always something unique here that i want to take home with me.', 'it is the type of place that makes you dream of how you might decorate a beach house, a mountain house, a contemporary house, etc.. the prices are reasonable on most things.', 'i opted to return the items and they wanted it back within 24 hours.', 'as this was their mistake, and i live across town, i thought this was poor customer service.', 'all in all it is in my top 5 places to browse interior goods.']",17,8
220,H & S Roofing & Gutter Company,"I would give zero stars, if I could.  We hired H & S to install new brackets on our gutters around our entire house-- we were told they also should have been screwed in rather than nailed, and they would do that, too.  They came, ""did it"", I paid and they left.  Only, they did not do it.  My husband got up on the roof to blow leaves and NOT ONE new bracket had been installed.  The assumption that I have made in regards to this is they had no idea that I am married to someone who still blows his own leaves and cleans his own gutters and thought that we would never know the work was not done.  

They have come out to do the job properly.","['i would give zero stars, if i could.', 'we hired h & s to install new brackets on our gutters around our entire house-- we were told they also should have been screwed in rather than nailed, and they would do that, too.', 'they came, ""did it"", i paid and they left.', 'only, they did not do it.', 'my husband got up on the roof to blow leaves and not one new bracket had been installed.', 'the assumption that i have made in regards to this is they had no idea that i am married to someone who still blows his own leaves and cleans his own gutters and thought that we would never know the work was not done.', 'they have come out to do the job properly.']",7,3
221,AZN Azian Cuizine,"I wanted to love this place.  Really, I did.  It is so close to home, I was hoping it would be a ""go-to"" place for my hubs and me.  Not so much.

The interior is lovely.  The water feature is really cool.  I love the tile.  I hope to find it for a backsplash in my kitchen.  Yes, those are the thoughts that were going through my head as my uninspired meal arrived.

The berry mojito was good.  The wine list is nice and reasonably priced.  The service was.... weird.  Maybe because we were one of only three tables in there on a Saturday night but, we felt like we were being stalked.

Seaweed salad-- great.  Hard to really mess this up.  House salad with ginger dressing-- ok, here is where I show my odd palate-- I prefer iceberg with my ginger dressing, not field greens.  But, field greens are fancier, so field greens is what I got.  Fine (no stars taken off for this).

The rolls-- spicy tuna, a special roll, and a few slabs of shashimi.  All ok.  Not wowwonderful. Not even, wow! And pricey. And small (which I prefer, but my hub was disappointed).  I get that I am paying for atmosphere, too.  BUT, there was NO ONE there, which felt a little creepy.  Or sad.  Even our server seemed sad.  The atmosphere, lovely water feature aside, was odd.  

3.5 but I rounded down.","['i wanted to love this place.', 'really, i did.', 'it is so close to home, i was hoping it would be a ""go-to"" place for my hubs and me.', 'even our server seemed sad.', 'the atmosphere, lovely water feature aside, was odd.', '3.5 but i rounded down.']",29,80
222,Deejai Thai,"Awful service. Rude hostess. Rude waitress. If you want to clear your dining room out by 10, DONT seat people at 9:30. I'll never return. There are way too many great Thai options who want to serve customers.","['awful service.', 'rude hostess.', 'rude waitress.', ""if you want to clear your dining room out by 10, dont seat people at 9:30. i'll never return."", 'there are way too many great thai options who want to serve customers.']",5,248
223,Paper Skyscraper,"This gem never disappoints!  It is the perfect store to browse and giggle and pick up fun and/or lovely gifts for those hard to shop for people in your life... or the people in your life that have a wicked sense of humor.  

First, the books and magazines that greet you as you enter.  A fantastic collection of art and architecture coffee table books, some novels that are NYT best sellers, some fantastic journals and calendars.  There is usually a well behaved and very lazy dog lounging in this area as well.  From here you move into candles- YUM!- and picture frames, bath goodies and such, onto hialrious housewares, fabulous earrings and other jewelry, cute clutches, perfectly inappropriate cards, magnets, coasters, bottle openers... you name it!  Even cute and quirky baby and children gifts, which are sprinkled with a few gold standards.

You can literally knock out your entire Christmas shopping list here, from your gay boss to your ultra conservative mother-in-law, Paper Skyscraper has you covered.

Staff is adorable and super friendly.  Parking is a weebit of a pain.","['this gem never disappoints!', 'it is the perfect store to browse and giggle and pick up fun and/or lovely gifts for those hard to shop for people in your life... or the people in your life that have a wicked sense of humor.', 'first, the books and magazines that greet you as you enter.', 'a fantastic collection of art and architecture coffee table books, some novels that are nyt best sellers, some fantastic journals and calendars.', 'there is usually a well behaved and very lazy dog lounging in this area as well.', 'from here you move into candles- yum!- and picture frames, bath goodies and such, onto hialrious housewares, fabulous earrings and other jewelry, cute clutches, perfectly inappropriate cards, magnets, coasters, bottle openers... you name it!', 'even cute and quirky baby and children gifts, which are sprinkled with a few gold standards.', 'you can literally knock out your entire christmas shopping list here, from your gay boss to your ultra conservative mother-in-law, paper skyscraper has you covered.', 'staff is adorable and super friendly.', 'parking is a weebit of a pain.']",10,195
224,Compare Foods Supermarket,"Great produce for the best prices I have seen in Charlotte.  8 limes for a dollar?  Guess I'll be mixing mojitos tonight!  Avocado for .50?  Guess we'll be eating guac with our mojitos!  Basil, cilantro, mint?  Guess who is eating Thai tomorrow?  Plantains? I just watched Alton Brown make these, and at this price I cannot resist!

Aside from the produce and the ethnic foods and spices, I was surprised that the prices on the American brands (cereal, frozen foods, drinks, etc...) are much higher than the Teeter.

My five year old thought we had somehow beamed ourselves to another country.... She loved it!","['great produce for the best prices i have seen in charlotte.', '8 limes for a dollar?', ""guess i'll be mixing mojitos tonight!"", 'avocado for .50?', ""guess we'll be eating guac with our mojitos!"", 'guess who is eating thai tomorrow?', 'plantains?', 'i just watched alton brown make these, and at this price i cannot resist!', 'aside from the produce and the ethnic foods and spices, i was surprised that the prices on the american brands (cereal, frozen foods, drinks, etc...) are much higher than the teeter.', 'my five year old thought we had somehow beamed ourselves to another country.... she loved it!']",11,21
225,Sleepy Poet Antique Mall,"This is a wonderful place to get lost in one lazy weekend day.  Their selection ranges from the weird and absurd to vintage and kitschy to antique, retro, funky cool.  Unfortunately, as of late, their selection has not turned over very quickly, is dull and uninspired and priced all over the map.  There were times when I could not leave without that breathless feeling of finding the perfect treasure you had no idea you needed until you saw it, the maze of aisles confusing me with treasures galore, all over the store and me not being to remember them all.  Not so at present.  I am hopeful that the Spring yard sales and Estate sales will breathe some life back into the long, winding aisles of the Sleepy.

I have come here for years.  I had a booth at their old location and at this location-- I love the hunt, the repurposing of goods, the uniqueness that only this type of place can bring into your home... I hope this is just a little bump in the road for us.  I was there-- in and out-- in under an hour this past Sunday (unheard of!).  And left without anything... not only did I leave with nothing, I left not seeing anything that I would buy if only I could... 

Free popcorn in the front and some of the nicest sales staff anywhere in Charlotte.  I will be back and will hopefully be able to re-review my once very faithful bazaar/homegoods/yard art store.","['this is a wonderful place to get lost in one lazy weekend day.', 'their selection ranges from the weird and absurd to vintage and kitschy to antique, retro, funky cool.', 'unfortunately, as of late, their selection has not turned over very quickly, is dull and uninspired and priced all over the map.', 'there were times when i could not leave without that breathless feeling of finding the perfect treasure you had no idea you needed until you saw it, the maze of aisles confusing me with treasures galore, all over the store and me not being to remember them all.', 'not so at present.', 'i have come here for years.', 'i had a booth at their old location and at this location-- i love the hunt, the repurposing of goods, the uniqueness that only this type of place can bring into your home... i hope this is just a little bump in the road for us.', 'i was there-- in and out-- in under an hour this past sunday (unheard of!).', 'and left without anything... not only did i leave with nothing, i left not seeing anything that i would buy if only i could...   free popcorn in the front and some of the nicest sales staff anywhere in charlotte.', 'i will be back and will hopefully be able to re-review my once very faithful bazaar/homegoods/yard art store.']",11,94
226,La Shish Kabob,"Falafel pitas, with hot sauce?  Delish!
Hummus?  Delish!
Tabbouleh?  Delish!
Babba ganoush?  Delish!

Service?  Outstanding!  (The owner loves children... has a gaggle of them himself.)

Price?  5 pitas, hummus, tabbouleh, baba ganoush, and a bag of pitas ~$25.00

The BEST picnic to-go in Charlotte.","['falafel pitas, with hot sauce?', 'delish!', 'hummus?', 'delish!', 'tabbouleh?', 'service?', 'outstanding!', '(the owner loves children... has a gaggle of them himself.)', 'price?', '5 pitas, hummus, tabbouleh, baba ganoush, and a bag of pitas ~$25.00  the best picnic to-go in charlotte.']",13,264
227,Jami Masters School of Dance,"Great dance instruction for children and teens.  I have one child currently taking tap and ballet here and one who took modern dance.  The quality of the instruction is great.  The recital is truly spectacular, held at Queens University, it is very exciting and professionally done. 

The studio itself is easy to access-- behind Park Road Shopping Center, and sells all the dance shoes, leotards, and tights they might need, at reasonable prices.  No running out to Morris Costume shop!

This studio is more pricey than the Y but the instruction is more technical and precise.  I have done both-- loved the Y but the convenience and the instruction at Jami Masters won me over.

They also do a monthly draft, so my scattered brain does not have to remember to pay monthly.","['great dance instruction for children and teens.', 'i have one child currently taking tap and ballet here and one who took modern dance.', 'the quality of the instruction is great.', 'the recital is truly spectacular, held at queens university, it is very exciting and professionally done.', 'the studio itself is easy to access-- behind park road shopping center, and sells all the dance shoes, leotards, and tights they might need, at reasonable prices.', 'no running out to morris costume shop!', 'this studio is more pricey than the y but the instruction is more technical and precise.', 'i have done both-- loved the y but the convenience and the instruction at jami masters won me over.', 'they also do a monthly draft, so my scattered brain does not have to remember to pay monthly.']",9,3
228,Alexander Scott,"This place is HUGE and full of vendors who have a great eye for fantastic home furnishings and accessories.  TONS of glassware in right now... the new trend is the mid-century mod highball glasses, cocktail glasses and cocktail shakers-- they do not disappoint but they are a bit pricey compared to others I have been scoping out.

Great prices on some stuff, ridiculous prices on other things... this tends to be the case in these multi-vendor homegoods stores.  

I used to skip the upstairs as it usually was pretty boring but that area has really gotten gussied up and is worth a peek.  They have awesome art work in the stairwell and throughout the store.  Their signature candles smell wonderful!

The people who work here could not be any friendlier or more helpful.  

Surprise of the store:  They have really cute jewelry at affordable prices and have recently added cute scarves, as well!


4.5 stars but rounded down bcasue they still have a few vendors whose wares are not fitting for this place... seems like wasted space.","['this place is huge and full of vendors who have a great eye for fantastic home furnishings and accessories.', 'tons of glassware in right now... the new trend is the mid-century mod highball glasses, cocktail glasses and cocktail shakers-- they do not disappoint but they are a bit pricey compared to others i have been scoping out.', 'great prices on some stuff, ridiculous prices on other things... this tends to be the case in these multi-vendor homegoods stores.', 'i used to skip the upstairs as it usually was pretty boring but that area has really gotten gussied up and is worth a peek.', 'they have awesome art work in the stairwell and throughout the store.', 'their signature candles smell wonderful!', 'the people who work here could not be any friendlier or more helpful.', 'surprise of the store:  they have really cute jewelry at affordable prices and have recently added cute scarves, as well!', '4.5 stars but rounded down bcasue they still have a few vendors whose wares are not fitting for this place... seems like wasted space.']",9,4
229,Y2 Yoga,"I have practiced here a lot.  Not because it is my favorite studio, it's not, but because of the convenience and because of Adam W., one of the instructors.  And Shana, my other favorite.  The classes are often very smelly, and I have had to leave when the odor is so overpowering that I was able to taste it in my mouth.  The hallway is crowded and annoying, both before class and after. Classes often are so crowded that you are touching your neighbor and getting their sweat drops onto your mat. eeek.

The crowd is definitely...interesting.  Lots of overzealous, scantily clad women who stay for more than one class in a row.  

This is not so much a yoga studio as much as a bootcamp-like atmosphere that uses yoga as the tool for your exercise.

Adam is the consistent exception to the bootcamp mentality.

I appear to have a masochist bone in my body because sometimes a good a--kicking as a workout suits me fine, but when I want yoga-- the exercise, the mindfulness, the spiritual component experience, I go elsewhere.

--They do offer a lot of karma classes, which is nice--
--their schedule works--","['i have practiced here a lot.', ""not because it is my favorite studio, it's not, but because of the convenience and because of adam w., one of the instructors."", 'and shana, my other favorite.', 'the classes are often very smelly, and i have had to leave when the odor is so overpowering that i was able to taste it in my mouth.', 'the hallway is crowded and annoying, both before class and after.', 'lots of overzealous, scantily clad women who stay for more than one class in a row.', 'this is not so much a yoga studio as much as a bootcamp-like atmosphere that uses yoga as the tool for your exercise.', 'adam is the consistent exception to the bootcamp mentality.', 'i appear to have a masochist bone in my body because sometimes a good a--kicking as a workout suits me fine, but when i want yoga-- the exercise, the mindfulness, the spiritual component experience, i go elsewhere.', '--they do offer a lot of karma classes, which is nice-- --their schedule works--']",13,41
230,Omega Sports,"WIth a BOGO half-priced sale going on virtually anytime you arrive here, it is a bargain.  While their prices do seem to be slightly less than Dick's, the selection is minimal, and their kid's section is almost non-existent.  So, as great of a deal as one might find here, it is hard when there is not much merchandise to choose from.","['with a bogo half-priced sale going on virtually anytime you arrive here, it is a bargain.', ""while their prices do seem to be slightly less than dick's, the selection is minimal, and their kid's section is almost non-existent."", 'so, as great of a deal as one might find here, it is hard when there is not much merchandise to choose from.']",3,16
231,Thai Orchid Restaurant,"I eat here every week for lunch with a lunch group (their choice, not mine).  The lunch menu is changed weekly and always includes Pad Thai and a curry dish (number 4).  All can be made vegetarian.

The lunch comes with a spring roll and soup.  I enjoy both.  My favorite meal is when number 4 is green curry with eggplant and green beans.  It is spicy- beware!

The service can be hit or miss but I can easily order, eat and pay within 50 minutes.  As a parent, I have gotten quite good at scarfing down a meal...

In the summer this restaurant is HOT.  And I don't mean hot as in crowded and covered with paparazzi, I mean they keep the AC at 78 degrees... sit in the main dining room rather than the sunnier side -room to keep from completely melting down- figuratively and literally.

Sadly, the food has declined in quality.  What was once a 4 star establishment is now a 3 star restaurant.  

Go get your curry on!","['i eat here every week for lunch with a lunch group (their choice, not mine).', 'the lunch menu is changed weekly and always includes pad thai and a curry dish (number 4).', 'all can be made vegetarian.', 'the lunch comes with a spring roll and soup.', 'i enjoy both.', 'as a parent, i have gotten quite good at scarfing down a meal...  in the summer this restaurant is hot.', ""and i don't mean hot as in crowded and covered with paparazzi, i mean they keep the ac at 78 degrees... sit in the main dining room rather than the sunnier side -room to keep from completely melting down- figuratively and literally."", 'sadly, the food has declined in quality.', 'what was once a 4 star establishment is now a 3 star restaurant.', 'go get your curry on!']",13,90
232,Fern,"YUM!

Squash blossom hushpuppies followed by warm kale, fried goat cheese and beet salad, and a house made white bean burger with potaoes on the side.  Delish!  Loved sitting outside on the cute but small patio-- great people watching!  Love the cucumber water.

The veggie burger, while delicious, was way too big to eat as a burger.  The dipping sauce for the squash blossom hushpuppies was a bit disappointing.

Service was great.  Patio is cute; interior is small but quaint.","['yum!', 'squash blossom hushpuppies followed by warm kale, fried goat cheese and beet salad, and a house made white bean burger with potaoes on the side.', 'delish!', 'loved sitting outside on the cute but small patio-- great people watching!', 'love the cucumber water.', 'the veggie burger, while delicious, was way too big to eat as a burger.', 'the dipping sauce for the squash blossom hushpuppies was a bit disappointing.', 'service was great.', 'patio is cute; interior is small but quaint.']",9,352
233,Selwyn Barber & Style,"I am a salon girl but my stylist has always said that barbers are the best trained in their craft.  I took my four year old daughter here one afternoon after she insisted for hours that she wanted a haircut.  She went in with a hairstyle I would lovingly call 'bird's nest' and came out with an adorable and well done bob. She did not mind the no-frills atmosphere. There was a local anchorman and an elderly gentleman getting their hair did, too.  Old-school barber with friendly service at a great price... ($15 without tip) and a dumdum lollipop? Good stuff.

--we were walk-ins and did not wait but they did get busier while we were there with people who had appointments--","['i am a salon girl but my stylist has always said that barbers are the best trained in their craft.', 'i took my four year old daughter here one afternoon after she insisted for hours that she wanted a haircut.', ""she went in with a hairstyle i would lovingly call 'bird's nest' and came out with an adorable and well done bob."", 'she did not mind the no-frills atmosphere.', 'there was a local anchorman and an elderly gentleman getting their hair did, too.', 'old-school barber with friendly service at a great price... ($15 without tip) and a dumdum lollipop?', 'good stuff.', '--we were walk-ins and did not wait but they did get busier while we were there with people who had appointments--']",8,12
234,Little Friends Pet Sitting & Dog Walking,"We have used tham a lot and they have never disappointed!  They take care of our deaf puppy, a big mutt dog, a bunny rabbit and 2 chickens for us.  They text us to tell us how everyone is doing and leave a lenghty note after each visit.  They also water plants and get our mail!

We have been thrilled with Little Friends!  They called this morning to tell us one of our chickens was missing (she wasn't, just has switched coops).  I appreciate their thoroughness and the attention they lavish on our pets.

Much less expensive than boarding, much happier animals, too!  They also have been wonderful at helping us ""last minute"" because, fortunately or unfortunately, that is how we roll sometimes...","['we have used tham a lot and they have never disappointed!', 'they take care of our deaf puppy, a big mutt dog, a bunny rabbit and 2 chickens for us.', 'they text us to tell us how everyone is doing and leave a lenghty note after each visit.', 'they also water plants and get our mail!', 'we have been thrilled with little friends!', ""they called this morning to tell us one of our chickens was missing (she wasn't, just has switched coops)."", 'i appreciate their thoroughness and the attention they lavish on our pets.', 'much less expensive than boarding, much happier animals, too!', 'they also have been wonderful at helping us ""last minute"" because, fortunately or unfortunately, that is how we roll sometimes...']",9,50
235,Mecklenburg County Market,"I love this hidden gem which also happens to be the oldest farmer's market in Mecklenburg county.  It is full of locally grown delicious produce!  Heirloom tomatoes, big boys, hot house, purple Cherokees... you name it, they have it.  In addition to the corn, peppers, peaches, berries, eggplants, etc... they also have jams and local baked goods.  Lastly, the Beverly's Gourmet meals to go are divine!  Vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free options available.  The tomato pie is fabulous!  These are great meals to drop off when you have signed up to bring a meal to a friend and cannot find the time for homemade... these meals are homemade, just not in your kitchen!

They take a debit card.

Located next to CMC-Main, park in rear.","[""i love this hidden gem which also happens to be the oldest farmer's market in mecklenburg county."", 'it is full of locally grown delicious produce!', 'heirloom tomatoes, big boys, hot house, purple cherokees... you name it, they have it.', 'in addition to the corn, peppers, peaches, berries, eggplants, etc... they also have jams and local baked goods.', ""lastly, the beverly's gourmet meals to go are divine!"", 'vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free options available.', 'the tomato pie is fabulous!', 'these are great meals to drop off when you have signed up to bring a meal to a friend and cannot find the time for homemade... these meals are homemade, just not in your kitchen!', 'they take a debit card.', 'located next to cmc-main, park in rear.']",10,7
236,Providence Pediatrics,"Dr. Plonk is fabulous!  Seriously, if you are on the hunt for a pediatrician, he is truly amazing. Providence Pediatrics has moved since we started going to them, but our loyalty to Dr. Plonk is unwavering and I drive past several other pediatrics offices to get there (which, admit idly is a pain)... but, his kind bedside manner and his trust in a ""mother's intuition"", with his own dose of intuition has worked wonderfully for our family of three daughters.

He has called to check in on a very sick child, offering to work with our health care provider for in-home nursing care if we got too overwhelmed-- this all on a Saturday.  He called every day for a week to check on her (and us).  He has reassured a desperate mother that her unruly child was just ""spirited"" and ""strong willed.""  

His father was a country doctor and Dr. Plonk has that same genuine care and concern that I imagine (and have heard) that his father had.  

Unfortunately, we have had some medical bumps along the way and Dr. Plonk has helped us navigate through these tough times.  

Beth Haynes is also tremendous at this practice.

Dr. Plonk is 5-plus stars and their practice is, too.","['dr. plonk is fabulous!', 'seriously, if you are on the hunt for a pediatrician, he is truly amazing.', 'providence pediatrics has moved since we started going to them, but our loyalty to dr. plonk is unwavering and i drive past several other pediatrics offices to get there (which, admit idly is a pain)... but, his kind bedside manner and his trust in a ""mother\'s intuition"", with his own dose of intuition has worked wonderfully for our family of three daughters.', 'he has called to check in on a very sick child, offering to work with our health care provider for in-home nursing care if we got too overwhelmed-- this all on a saturday.', 'he called every day for a week to check on her (and us).', 'he has reassured a desperate mother that her unruly child was just ""spirited"" and ""strong willed.""', 'his father was a country doctor and dr. plonk has that same genuine care and concern that i imagine (and have heard) that his father had.', 'unfortunately, we have had some medical bumps along the way and dr. plonk has helped us navigate through these tough times.', 'beth haynes is also tremendous at this practice.', 'dr. plonk is 5-plus stars and their practice is, too.']",10,7
237,Charlotte Yoga,"I love Charlotte Yoga!  This is a friendly yoga studio without the pretense of some other studios.  The instructors are great-- Rowena, Angie and Jaime are my favorites.  And, when you go to a $5 class, not only are you getting a great class but also a great value!

The studio itself is clean, and has a lot of natural light streaming in from the floor to ceiling windows, which I like during my practice.  I feel a little claustrophobic in a hot studio that doesn't have windows.

The bathrooms are adequate (well the women's bathroom, did not check out the men's) with showers.  The hall does get crowded during class changes, but most studios have this issue.  They also have filtered water, fill up before you get into class!

The power classes that are offered after a hot class are little too hot, or I would give 5-stars.  Several times the classes that are advertised as ""in an 85 degree room"" have been in a 100 degree + room (I check the thermostat because I always wonder if something is wrong with me when my practice seems harder than normal!).  I have heard several people comment/complan about this issue.  Believe me, there is quite a difference between 85-87 degrees and 100 degrees!

This place is overflowing with friendly yogis.  My husband, who was really intimidated by the whole yoga thing, loves this place!  My top 2 studio in Charlotte.

--""Friend"" them on Facebook for (occasional) coupons and discounts--","['i love charlotte yoga!', 'this is a friendly yoga studio without the pretense of some other studios.', 'the instructors are great-- rowena, angie and jaime are my favorites.', 'my husband, who was really intimidated by the whole yoga thing, loves this place!', 'my top 2 studio in charlotte.', '--""friend"" them on facebook for (occasional) coupons and discounts--']",17,27
238,Carolinas Healthcare Urgent Care,"Unfortunately, my family has spent a fair amount of time here and we have always had a wonderful experience, although the wait, on occasion, is unbearable... but, if you show up with a toddler profusely bleeding while wearing a swimsuit (mother and daughter), mercifully, they usher you back pretty quickly.  They were hesitant to stitch up my daughter as the laceration was on her face, and they wanted a pediatric plastic surgeon to do it, but, as she had already had stitches in the EXACT same spot twice-- one of those times being at a clinic in a county that did not have a plastic surgeon, I assured them that plastic surgery to repair the scar was probably in her future, and asked them to sew her up .  They were compassionate and kind.  I appreciated it immensely!  They have diagnosed pneumonia, removed a bead from a nose, lacerated an infected toe, given breathing treatments for asthma, etc...","['unfortunately, my family has spent a fair amount of time here and we have always had a wonderful experience, although the wait, on occasion, is unbearable... but, if you show up with a toddler profusely bleeding while wearing a swimsuit (mother and daughter), mercifully, they usher you back pretty quickly.', 'they were hesitant to stitch up my daughter as the laceration was on her face, and they wanted a pediatric plastic surgeon to do it, but, as she had already had stitches in the exact same spot twice-- one of those times being at a clinic in a county that did not have a plastic surgeon, i assured them that plastic surgery to repair the scar was probably in her future, and asked them to sew her up .', 'they were compassionate and kind.', 'i appreciated it immensely!', 'they have diagnosed pneumonia, removed a bead from a nose, lacerated an infected toe, given breathing treatments for asthma, etc...']",5,11
239,Pio Pio,"Our family of five got the Latin Combo-- full rotisserie chicken, fried plantains, salad, yucca, rice and beans.  All was delicious! The salad, topped with avocado and dressed with a tangy ( read mouthwatering) dressing was delicious! The plantains were perfect.  The rice and beans were fantastic.  Yucca dipped in the hot sauce... Divine!  My hubs and children devoured the chicken... Rave reviews- even from picky miss.  We had leftovers and, seriously, for a family of five to eat this delicious meal for a whopping $2600. almost made me feel guilty. Almost.

We also had the tostones and guacamole as an appetizer. Perfectly fried. Tons of well made guacamole.  We may have found our Sunday night supper spot!

Small interior. I would not bring really young or really loud children here.","['our family of five got the latin combo-- full rotisserie chicken, fried plantains, salad, yucca, rice and beans.', 'all was delicious!', 'the salad, topped with avocado and dressed with a tangy ( read mouthwatering) dressing was delicious!', 'we may have found our sunday night supper spot!', 'small interior.', 'i would not bring really young or really loud children here.']",16,333
240,Hunter Farm,"Great Christmas trees and awesome horse drawn carriage ride to the barn!

This place is fantastic.  We have strawberry picked here, gone to the pumpkin patch, had a four-year old's birthday party here , ridden ponies, milked cows, gone on hay rides, made smores, and fed sheep and goats. 

These fine people have willed their land and farm to the Catawba Land Conservancy to preserve this lovely 50 acre farm.  It is now surrounded by McMansions but one can truly feel away from it all while here.

Easy drive, straight down Providence Road.

BTW-- the bday party was the best, most fun and affordable party we've done.  Strawberry pickin', kickball and a pinata.  Bliss!","['great christmas trees and awesome horse drawn carriage ride to the barn!', 'this place is fantastic.', ""we have strawberry picked here, gone to the pumpkin patch, had a four-year old's birthday party here , ridden ponies, milked cows, gone on hay rides, made smores, and fed sheep and goats."", 'these fine people have willed their land and farm to the catawba land conservancy to preserve this lovely 50 acre farm.', 'it is now surrounded by mcmansions but one can truly feel away from it all while here.', 'easy drive, straight down providence road.', ""btw-- the bday party was the best, most fun and affordable party we've done."", ""strawberry pickin', kickball and a pinata."", 'bliss!']",9,6
241,Zink. American Kitchen,"What is not to love about half-priced wine on Wednesdays? 
 
I love the atmosphere here.  It is dark and sleek, very upscale.  The prices reflect that!

I have eaten dinner here before and while it was delicious, it was bit too pricey for what I received.  But, for a nice bar and some finger foods, this is the place!  The flat bread pizza with fig, arugula and prosciutto is perfect for sharing with a friend.  I am not a carnivore, so I remove the prosciutto from mine.  The crust is crispy, the figs are heaven!

The salads are also delicious-- the local heirloom salad is my favorite.  I love local foods, and this did not disappoint.


--They also have great draft beers--
--Napa Cellars Chardonnay on Wednesdays is $6/glass... can you say DEAL!?--
--The bar is quiet.  A great place to catch up with a friend, or to plot revenge on an ex-boyfriend (hers, not mine)
--The bathrooms are fantastic!  Love the faux crocodile floors!--
--Awesome outside seating--
--Park on the top-level of the parking deck that is attached to Southpark Mall, and it is an easy walk over... or valet--","['what is not to love about half-priced wine on wednesdays?', 'i love the atmosphere here.', 'it is dark and sleek, very upscale.', 'the prices reflect that!', 'i have eaten dinner here before and while it was delicious, it was bit too pricey for what i received.', 'i love local foods, and this did not disappoint.', '--they also have great draft beers-- --napa cellars chardonnay on wednesdays is $6/glass... can you say deal!', '?-- --the bar is quiet.', 'a great place to catch up with a friend, or to plot revenge on an ex-boyfriend (hers, not mine) --the bathrooms are fantastic!', 'love the faux crocodile floors!-- --awesome outside seating-- --park on the top-level of the parking deck that is attached to southpark mall, and it is an easy walk over... or valet--']",15,71
242,Jeffre Scott,"Jeffre Scott Apothecary is a lovely little place full of luxurious lotions and potions, makeup and skincare products.  This would be enough to earn 5 stars but the real reason I gave JSA 5 stars is because of Jeffre and Charlton.  They could not be any friendlier.  And they knew exactly what I ""needed"" without me even knowing what I needed!  

What brought me in was the brow service... no wax or sugar or threading here (my sensitive skin says ""thank you!"") .  This service is 5 star worthy in and of itself.  

I think I just gave 15 stars?","['jeffre scott apothecary is a lovely little place full of luxurious lotions and potions, makeup and skincare products.', 'this would be enough to earn 5 stars but the real reason i gave jsa 5 stars is because of jeffre and charlton.', 'they could not be any friendlier.', 'and they knew exactly what i ""needed"" without me even knowing what i needed!', 'what brought me in was the brow service... no wax or sugar or threading here (my sensitive skin says ""thank you!"")', '.', 'this service is 5 star worthy in and of itself.', 'i think i just gave 15 stars?']",8,19
243,YWCA Health & Fitness Center,"Hands down this place offers the BEST children's swim lessons in Charlotte-- and I know because we have tried what seems like all of them!

The indoor pool area is great, with shower facilities and a locker room that are clean and a good temperature for freezing kids getting out of the pool.  The pool is an Olympic sized pool and is not kept freezing (like at MAC) but is cool enough for the children not to overheat.  The deep end has a ledge around the sides that the children can stand on while receiving instruction.  There are several diving blocks they practice on as well.  The seating is great... concrete bleacher-like seating that is in the pool area and divided by a smallish wall.  While the area does have a strong chlorine smell, it is nothing like other area YMCAs that have the indoor pools and water parks... my eyes do not sting while there nor do my clothes smell when we leave.  And, while it is warm in there (thank Goodness!), it is not sweltering.  The parking is awesome here.  There is never a crowd.

Ok, on to the instruction, which is great... I have enrolled a 4 year old and a 9 year old in this program.  My 4 year old could doggie paddle and swim just well enough to jump off the diving board, my 9 year old needed a refresher for the swim team and was mostly doing ""illegal"" strokes that would get her disqualified in a meet.  The lessons are at 6 week intervals, which is nice as really long-term commitments freak me out a bit (commitment phobe!).  They are so reasonably prices compared to what we have paid at the stand alone swim centers, I almost felt guilty.  This guilt increased when I found that my 9 year old was in a class with only one other child. The instructor was fantastic!  He pushed them enough to work hard but feel accomplished.  And he got her strokes totally straightened out (no more lifting her head to take a breath in freestyle).  We did 2 sessions (one 6 weeks, the other 5 weeks (even better for my commitment issues)), and my daughter ended up in the All Star swim meet after summer swim team.  Which was a bonus, I just did not want her to be embarrassed swimming.  The 4 year old?  After one 6 week session, she was doing a version of freestyle, jumping off the diving board and I felt totally safe letting her swim this summer without having to be in the pool with her at every moment.  

We will be there this Winter doing their little Winter league swim team.  Look for us, I will be the mom reading her book on the concrete bleachers and my daughters will be the ones splashing around and having a blast!","[""hands down this place offers the best children's swim lessons in charlotte-- and i know because we have tried what seems like all of them!"", 'the indoor pool area is great, with shower facilities and a locker room that are clean and a good temperature for freezing kids getting out of the pool.', 'the pool is an olympic sized pool and is not kept freezing (like at mac) but is cool enough for the children not to overheat.', 'after one 6 week session, she was doing a version of freestyle, jumping off the diving board and i felt totally safe letting her swim this summer without having to be in the pool with her at every moment.', 'we will be there this winter doing their little winter league swim team.', 'look for us, i will be the mom reading her book on the concrete bleachers and my daughters will be the ones splashing around and having a blast!']",25,3
244,300 East,"As a member of the Matilda Wong society, I felt compelled to review old faithful... 300 East.

I love the atmosphere.  Who can't be enamored with this old house in the heart of Dilworth?  I am not sure if she (the house) is considered a Grand Dame by historians and architects but it certainly is by me!  

I love sitting downstairs in one of the booths to the right of the hostess stand for a long leisurely lunch on a Saturday, that may, or may not, include a glass of wine.  I love coming here in the Fall and sitting outside, hearing the fountain and looking at the sheep statue.  I love coming here in the Winter and sitting in the really small and cozy booth in the main dining room.  Really, I cannot think of a time when it isn't right to come here!

The hummus plate is a delicious way to start your meal.  If you are lucky the white bean and gouda soup will be the daily soup offering.. it is bowl-licking good.  All the specials I have ever tried are delicious...  But, I tend to gravitate toward a salad or, my favorite, the black bean tortilla (with lots of fresh avacado!).  My hubbie likes the usual-- a grinder-ish type sandwich, the tuna, or whichever pasta is on the menu.

There is a special drink here called the ""Matilda Wong""  and it is very, very wong.  It used to come in a smallish fishbowl (think beta fish) but is now served in a small pitcher.  When I say it is ""wong"", I mean it is strong, it is good for sharing but, plan on having a responsible driver.  They cut you off after 2, as they should.  I think I have aged out of the ability to even share one...

Nice wine list, half-priced wine nights.  This is a fun girls-night, or date night, or parents-are-in-town place.  

-- funny to see your guests' reactions to the bathrooms--","['as a member of the matilda wong society, i felt compelled to review old faithful... 300 east.', 'i love the atmosphere.', ""who can't be enamored with this old house in the heart of dilworth?"", 'i think i have aged out of the ability to even share one...  nice wine list, half-priced wine nights.', 'this is a fun girls-night, or date night, or parents-are-in-town place.', ""-- funny to see your guests' reactions to the bathrooms--""]",19,607
245,Traditions Interiors & Accessories,"At Park Road Shopping Center there is a treasure of a furniture and accessory store frequented by designers and consumers alike that is owned and operated by a woman of impeccable taste and friendly demeanor.  

This place never disappoints... lovely furnishings, lighting, art work, pillows, etc... it is pricey, so if you are looking for a deal, come during their semi-annual clearance sale- or check the back, where often there is sale merchandise.

They fabricate orders and offer design services.","['at park road shopping center there is a treasure of a furniture and accessory store frequented by designers and consumers alike that is owned and operated by a woman of impeccable taste and friendly demeanor.', 'this place never disappoints... lovely furnishings, lighting, art work, pillows, etc... it is pricey, so if you are looking for a deal, come during their semi-annual clearance sale- or check the back, where often there is sale merchandise.', 'they fabricate orders and offer design services.']",3,5
246,Leroy Fox Cotswold,"My husband and I often stop in here to retox after we detox (look for us at the bar in yoga clothes, often still glistening with sweat).  The pretzel bites and the zucchini fries (more like sticks) are fantastic.  The dipping sauces are great!  The boom boom sauce is perfectly spicy... I wish I could recreate this at home. 

Dinner:  I did not enjoy my dinner.  Get the fried chicken.  My husband did enjoy his buffalo chicken sandwich.  I had some kind of salad-- obviously not a great choice in a bar but there veggie selection is limited-- it was not great but what is great is their brunch.  I prefer that to their dinner menu.  They also offer bottomless mimosas and bloody marys but-- good grief-- who can partake in that at noon on a Sunday?  Not me.  If you can, stop reading right now and say a prayer of thanksgiving.   The french toast, the omelet, the toast and grits, is all great.

They have a good beer selection on tap.  What they do not have is a good wine selection... this is definitely an area in which they can (and should) improve.  They have several specialty cocktails which usually are good.  There bloody marys are delish... especially the bloody martin.  

They have a cute little side room that you can reserve for parties. They have also been generous in the community, hosting fundraisers of various sorts.  Their marketing campaign-- Leroy Fox for President-- was awesome.  I loved seeing those signs in front yards.  ""Free chicken for everyone.""

This area needed this spot.  Hotel Charlotte had seen its better days... and the face lift and the thorough cleaning this spot got is great.  Even the restrooms aren't awful anymore.  I wish they had left the train running around the ceiling...

This is also a fun place to watch a game.","['my husband and i often stop in here to retox after we detox (look for us at the bar in yoga clothes, often still glistening with sweat).', 'the pretzel bites and the zucchini fries (more like sticks) are fantastic.', 'the dipping sauces are great!', 'hotel charlotte had seen its better days... and the face lift and the thorough cleaning this spot got is great.', ""even the restrooms aren't awful anymore."", 'i wish they had left the train running around the ceiling...  this is also a fun place to watch a game.']",26,289
247,Tease Salon,"Tease Salon is awesome!  My hair has never looked better-- both cut and color.  The atmosphere, the employees, the products... they are all wonderful!","['tease salon is awesome!', 'my hair has never looked better-- both cut and color.', 'the atmosphere, the employees, the products... they are all wonderful!']",3,5
248,Alexander Michael's,"Run to Alexander Michael's this Christmas season for dinner or drinks.  You will thank me.   

Tucked away in 4th Ward (which in and of itself is reason enough to head to A.M.) it is quaint and, right now, decorated with lovely garlands and greenery and twinkling lights (I love twinkly things).  It truly looks out of a movie.  And the houses around it are also decorated so sweetly.  A little bit magical.  

I was a 4th Ward resident and kinda lived at A.M. for a few years and had not been in awhile.  We went  last night to meet friends for drinks and dinner before heading to one of my all-time favorite venues (The Fillmore... but I digress...).  Great beer selection.  We all had different meals-- nachos are delish (salsa not so much), my hubs said the burger was good, fried pickles (yum!), veggie pita was great, but you have to get the ""what it is.""  What it is sustained me for years.  I'm veggie now, so no chicken for me... but, it was good all those nights!

While the food is not 5-star worthy, the atmosphere, the bar, the beer selection, the people, and the staff make this a 5-star establishment, for sure.","[""run to alexander michael's this christmas season for dinner or drinks."", 'you will thank me.', 'tucked away in 4th ward (which in and of itself is reason enough to head to a.m.) it is quaint and, right now, decorated with lovely garlands and greenery and twinkling lights (i love twinkly things).', 'it truly looks out of a movie.', 'and the houses around it are also decorated so sweetly.', 'we all had different meals-- nachos are delish (salsa not so much), my hubs said the burger was good, fried pickles (yum!', '), veggie pita was great, but you have to get the ""what it is.""', 'what it is sustained me for years.', ""i'm veggie now, so no chicken for me... but, it was good all those nights!"", 'while the food is not 5-star worthy, the atmosphere, the bar, the beer selection, the people, and the staff make this a 5-star establishment, for sure.']",14,343
249,Neighborhood Theatre,"I love the Neighborhood Theatre... it has kept me coming back for years.  From the Indigo Girls to DSO, the Brazilian Girls, North Mississippi Allstars, and Yo Mama's Big Fat Booty Band, to my most recent show-- the Blue Dogs and Drivin N Cryin, this is just a fantastic and friendly venue to see and hear a show.  

It gets loud and it can get crowded (very crowded) but it is usually a fun and friendly crowd.  On occasion you might want to get there early (bring a yard chair) if you want to grab a general admission seat (just put your name on the paper and pen you brought with you, and use the scotch tape you also remembered to bring) and reserve your seat... now head out to grab a bite while you wait for the show to start!  Seriously, it is that friendly... but, remember your seats won't allow for you to view the show, which is great for say, a husband who got dragged to see the IG.  

There are seats upstairs that are sometimes open, sometimes included in the GA price and sometimes reserved, just check the show listing.  There is also a VIP seating area that comes with a server.  I am fine to get my own PBR or-- the value cup!-- a big ole, in the case of this past weekend, Sierra Nevada.  Score!

Bathrooms surprisingly rarely have much of a wait... probably because you want to get in and out as fast as you can...but, they do have a Dyson hand dryer (the long one that you take your hands in and out of while hearing a sound similar to a jet engine!).  

This spot is a neighborhood staple and is an anchor to the area.  It is truly local business at its finest.  It also really helped ramp up the music scene in Charlotte...","['i love the neighborhood theatre... it has kept me coming back for years.', ""from the indigo girls to dso, the brazilian girls, north mississippi allstars, and yo mama's big fat booty band, to my most recent show-- the blue dogs and drivin n cryin, this is just a fantastic and friendly venue to see and hear a show."", 'it gets loud and it can get crowded (very crowded) but it is usually a fun and friendly crowd.', 'on occasion you might want to get there early (bring a yard chair) if you want to grab a general admission seat (just put your name on the paper and pen you brought with you, and use the scotch tape you also remembered to bring) and reserve your seat... now head out to grab a bite while you wait for the show to start!', ""seriously, it is that friendly... but, remember your seats won't allow for you to view the show, which is great for say, a husband who got dragged to see the ig."", 'score!', 'bathrooms surprisingly rarely have much of a wait... probably because you want to get in and out as fast as you can...but, they do have a dyson hand dryer (the long one that you take your hands in and out of while hearing a sound similar to a jet engine!).', 'this spot is a neighborhood staple and is an anchor to the area.', 'it is truly local business at its finest.', 'it also really helped ramp up the music scene in charlotte...']",13,64
250,Surez Bakery,"I cannot believe I have not reviewed this bakery gem, this little slice of Heaven, the sugary wonder, my sweet and reliable Suarez Bakery.  

Cream Horns-- seriously, the flakiest pastry shell, sprinkled with powdered sugar and filled full of the lightest, fluffiest frosting-like fill.  

Snickerdoodles-- cinnamon sugar yuminess on top of an elephant ear like cookie/pastry.  

Elephant Ears-- a huge treat that is as large as a 5 year old's head (really).

Sugar cookies-- all shapes and decorations, perfectly sweetened to be able to eat several without feeling ill!  --- They also make these to order--- perfect for school parties that require cookies for decorating and the mom who does not bake!

Cupcakes-- all different flavors.  Delicious and lovely.

Cakes-- Tizzerts.  Need I say more?  Just the best cake you can put in your mouth... Our wedding cake was Tizzerts, and have had several other special occasion cakes from Tiz.

Thumb print cookies--  perfect for the little bit of sweet tooth, a small sugar cookie/ shortbread like cookie, topped with a smudge of frosting (this is my go-to treat).

I do not have a sweet tooth like the rest of my family.  So my go-to is the thumb print cookie but, even without a sweet tooth, the temptations of all this goodness cannot be resisted.   We celebrate milestones and accomplishments and hard days and completed projects by occasionally popping into Suarez and picking out a delectable treat.  

-- Seriously, the made to order cookies have saved me for years as a room mother who cannot bake--","['i cannot believe i have not reviewed this bakery gem, this little slice of heaven, the sugary wonder, my sweet and reliable suarez bakery.', 'cream horns-- seriously, the flakiest pastry shell, sprinkled with powdered sugar and filled full of the lightest, fluffiest frosting-like fill.', 'snickerdoodles-- cinnamon sugar yuminess on top of an elephant ear like cookie/pastry.', 'so my go-to is the thumb print cookie but, even without a sweet tooth, the temptations of all this goodness cannot be resisted.', 'we celebrate milestones and accomplishments and hard days and completed projects by occasionally popping into suarez and picking out a delectable treat.', '-- seriously, the made to order cookies have saved me for years as a room mother who cannot bake--']",16,196
251,Spectrum Eye Care,"I love Dr. W (his name is long and confusing to spell... let alone say) and this location (downtown in the BBandT building next to the Caribou- bonus!).  He is very patient and thorough and just a really nice guy.  His staff was super helpful in helping me pick out glasses and training me on how to put in and remove contacts (which was awful but not their fault).  They also filed everything with my insurance company, which is great.

I also love that they call and email to remind of upcoming appointments.  I really appreciate this service.

They also have a location on Colony Rd., near the Lodge.

I am a person who hates going to any type of doctor.  They really make this a nice experience.","['i love dr. w (his name is long and confusing to spell... let alone say) and this location (downtown in the bbandt building next to the caribou- bonus!).', 'he is very patient and thorough and just a really nice guy.', 'his staff was super helpful in helping me pick out glasses and training me on how to put in and remove contacts (which was awful but not their fault).', 'they also filed everything with my insurance company, which is great.', 'i also love that they call and email to remind of upcoming appointments.', 'i really appreciate this service.', 'they also have a location on colony rd., near the lodge.', 'i am a person who hates going to any type of doctor.', 'they really make this a nice experience.']",9,29
252,Classic Attic,"You never know what might be waiting at this consignment store-- a mirror, a chandelier (their selection is usually fabulous!), window treatments, or a lamp... who knows!?!

This is a consignment store and not a thrift store-- the prices reflect this.

Their inventory turns over quickly.  As a former client and a current customer, I can attest to that!

They can be a bit rude, or I would give 4-stars.  I do appreciate and expect friendly customer service as a consumer.

I have found some unique treasures here, so I continue to peruse!","['you never know what might be waiting at this consignment store-- a mirror, a chandelier (their selection is usually fabulous!', '), window treatments, or a lamp... who knows!?!', 'this is a consignment store and not a thrift store-- the prices reflect this.', 'their inventory turns over quickly.', 'as a former client and a current customer, i can attest to that!', 'they can be a bit rude, or i would give 4-stars.', 'i do appreciate and expect friendly customer service as a consumer.', 'i have found some unique treasures here, so i continue to peruse!']",8,3
253,Starbucks,"This is the slooooooowest Starbucks service in town.  Due to the convenience of the location, I stop in here for a coffee on occassion but I have to have plenty of time on my hands in order to do so.

--parking is tight--","['this is the slooooooowest starbucks service in town.', 'due to the convenience of the location, i stop in here for a coffee on occassion but i have to have plenty of time on my hands in order to do so.', '--parking is tight--']",3,72
254,Nolen Kitchen,"The patio gets 5-stars.  It is one of my favorites in Charlotte.  It has plenty of shade for eating brunch outside and it is a lovely setting on which to dine.  

I usually love their brunch but my food on Sunday was not good nor was our service.  I had the breakfast pita and I could not eat more than a bite of it, it just tasted really bad.  And this was weird based on the fact that some of my favorite foods had gon einto its preparation!  Spinach and cucumber sauce, egg and cheese and pita... should be delicious.  It was not.  

Our water and tea glasses were empty the entire meal, and we asked several times for refills to no avail.  

They do have excellent sangria and a nice wine list.  I guess I will stick to my standards:  fruit and granola for brunch, hummus and cheese plate for appies with wine.  

--the scones that are served before the brunch are divine--","['the patio gets 5-stars.', 'it is one of my favorites in charlotte.', 'it has plenty of shade for eating brunch outside and it is a lovely setting on which to dine.', 'i usually love their brunch but my food on sunday was not good nor was our service.', 'i had the breakfast pita and i could not eat more than a bite of it, it just tasted really bad.', 'it was not.', 'our water and tea glasses were empty the entire meal, and we asked several times for refills to no avail.', 'they do have excellent sangria and a nice wine list.', 'i guess i will stick to my standards:  fruit and granola for brunch, hummus and cheese plate for appies with wine.', '--the scones that are served before the brunch are divine--']",12,175
255,Munchees Popcorn,"What do you send to a mother who has decided to drive four 13 years olds and a 7 year old to Florida?  How about 4 huge bags of popcorn?  (Hey, it's not my car!)  A cheese, a carmel and 2 bags of butter should keep them busy for a little while, right?  

If you find yourself in need of popcorn for car trip or slumber party, movie night or school function, this is the place to get it.   

No need to call ahead for the aforementioned flavors.  They do have fancy flavors but you need to order in advance.

tip:  Skip the metal bucket and save $20 by having them put the bagged popcorn in a box.","['what do you send to a mother who has decided to drive four 13 years olds and a 7 year old to florida?', 'how about 4 huge bags of popcorn?', ""(hey, it's not my car!)"", 'a cheese, a carmel and 2 bags of butter should keep them busy for a little while, right?', 'if you find yourself in need of popcorn for car trip or slumber party, movie night or school function, this is the place to get it.', 'no need to call ahead for the aforementioned flavors.', 'they do have fancy flavors but you need to order in advance.', 'tip:  skip the metal bucket and save $20 by having them put the bagged popcorn in a box.']",8,5
256,Duckworth's Kitchen & Taphouse,"As other reviewers have mentioned, the beer selection is great, but.... no Guinness on tap!?!  Isn't there a rule about this, somewhere?  That to be considered a bar with a good beer selection you have to have the real King-of-Beers on tap?  Out of a bottle does not do my Guinny any justice.  

The food is bar food but for a vegetarian, it is a terrible selection.  The salads are not good.  HUGE but not tasty.  My husband liked the wings just fine.  

Too many other places with beer selection and good food for this to my go-to bar.  Or to be a go-again bar.","['as other reviewers have mentioned, the beer selection is great, but.... no guinness on tap!?!', ""isn't there a rule about this, somewhere?"", 'that to be considered a bar with a good beer selection you have to have the real king-of-beers on tap?', 'out of a bottle does not do my guinny any justice.', 'the food is bar food but for a vegetarian, it is a terrible selection.', 'the salads are not good.', 'huge but not tasty.', 'my husband liked the wings just fine.', 'too many other places with beer selection and good food for this to my go-to bar.', 'or to be a go-again bar.']",10,315
257,Thai Taste,"The best massaman curry in town.  I get it with tofu.  My hubs likes the gang dang with chicken.  

Wonderful tea.  Wonderful service.

I love this cozy place in the winter... it is so endearingly ecclectic on the inside: it is small but not tight, it has a great window onto the sidewalk of East Blvd., it has twinkly lights around said window.  Walking in here from the cold, sitting down to a hot pot of tea and some massaman is a great way to spend a lunch hour but an even better way to spend an evening.

--the parking is tight--","['the best massaman curry in town.', 'i get it with tofu.', 'my hubs likes the gang dang with chicken.', 'wonderful tea.', 'wonderful service.', 'i love this cozy place in the winter... it is so endearingly ecclectic on the inside: it is small but not tight, it has a great window onto the sidewalk of east blvd., it has twinkly lights around said window.', 'walking in here from the cold, sitting down to a hot pot of tea and some massaman is a great way to spend a lunch hour but an even better way to spend an evening.', '--the parking is tight--']",8,266
258,Maverick Rock Taco,"OK, the atmosphere is fun and festive.  Who does not like colored lights strewn about and awesome old rock band posters on the walls?  The floors were clean and the bar area was fun... a great place to meet a friend for a canned beer.  Yes, really.  And with a gut washer choice of one chardonnay, you will drink the canned beer.  Or the draft beer- but beware, the Shiner Bock was flat and not very cold. Disappointed, party of one.  Ok, Ok... so, you might enjoy a fun atmosphere on a great street to meet friends for... drinks.  But not dinner.

I had the fried avocado tacos and the black eyed pea salad.  Both were bad.  The bean salad, and I love stuff like this, was swimming in salt and vinegar.  I think those were the only ingredients.  It was bad.  The fried avocado tacos (as a vegetarian this prospect sounded delicious to me!) were, ummm, tasteless. Which might be better than the black bean salad which might have benefited from being tasteless?  The queso was good.  But, seriously, who can't melt some cheese?  

I like food too much to return here.","['ok, the atmosphere is fun and festive.', 'who does not like colored lights strewn about and awesome old rock band posters on the walls?', 'the floors were clean and the bar area was fun... a great place to meet a friend for a canned beer.', 'the queso was good.', ""but, seriously, who can't melt some cheese?"", 'i like food too much to return here.']",20,194
259,Discovery Place Nature,"I love this precious little spot.  Birds, and turtles, owls, snakes, frogs, butterflies... what is not to love?

They will get the snakes out on request for you (or in my case, my children) to hold.  They will also get the skunk out!  Apparently, they are a lot like cats-- and I must admit, my curiosity got the best of me and I did find myself stroking the coarse hair of the injured animal.  The butterfly garden is a wonder!  We also found turtles hidden in there.  My younger (5 y/o) loves the puppet shows.

The staff is so friendly and knowledgeable! 

The little play area gets crowded and lots of inattentive mothers can create quite a bit of mayhem... we usually skip this area.

Bring sanitizer, as little hands seem to find their way into the turtle water.  Eeek!

Once we are finished here, we walk on the nature trail to Freedom Park for picnic fun and play time!  We usually look for the grumpy old troll who lives uinder the bridge, as we cross into the park.

This is a great way to spend the day!","['i love this precious little spot.', 'birds, and turtles, owls, snakes, frogs, butterflies... what is not to love?', 'they will get the snakes out on request for you (or in my case, my children) to hold.', 'they will also get the skunk out!', 'apparently, they are a lot like cats-- and i must admit, my curiosity got the best of me and i did find myself stroking the coarse hair of the injured animal.', 'bring sanitizer, as little hands seem to find their way into the turtle water.', 'eeek!', 'once we are finished here, we walk on the nature trail to freedom park for picnic fun and play time!', 'we usually look for the grumpy old troll who lives uinder the bridge, as we cross into the park.', 'this is a great way to spend the day!']",15,22
260,Orly Grill,The best beef kebab EVER!! The meat is so tender and juicey - just be careful not to touch the bottom of the metal skewer when it arrives - it's super hot. Make sure to also order the garlic sauce and red meat sauce for dipping. It's a warm atmosphere with a very friendly staff. I've gotten many friends hooked on this place. 5/5.,"['the best beef kebab ever!!', ""the meat is so tender and juicey - just be careful not to touch the bottom of the metal skewer when it arrives - it's super hot."", 'make sure to also order the garlic sauce and red meat sauce for dipping.', ""it's a warm atmosphere with a very friendly staff."", ""i've gotten many friends hooked on this place."", '5/5.']",6,32
261,Electric Mud BBQ,"Extremely disappointing.

This place had been on my To-Try list for a while now. I came with three friends on a Saturday night when it was not too busy. I ordered the beef ribs ($16.50) with a side of potato salad ($4.00). My friends ordered the pork ribs ($16.00), along with a few appetizers.

What bothered me about the service was that they just sort of drop the food off at the table to no one in particular. Ideally, the server should place the dish in front of the specific person who ordered it, or at the very least ask, ""Okay who ordered the so-and-so?"" and place it in front of whoever answers. Also, delivery should be simultaneous. Two of my friends got their dish, and me and the fourth friend waited 15 minutes after that for ours.

For $16.50, I received TWO beef ribs with barely any meat on them. In my opinion, ribs should be fall-off-the-bone. These were the exact opposite, and the flavour was nothing special. My friend was even more disappointed with his pork ribs, and sent them back in exchange for the pulled-pork sandwich.

First time in a very long while where I tipped less than 15%.","['extremely disappointing.', 'this place had been on my to-try list for a while now.', 'i came with three friends on a saturday night when it was not too busy.', 'i ordered the beef ribs ($16.50) with a side of potato salad ($4.00).', 'my friends ordered the pork ribs ($16.00), along with a few appetizers.', 'for $16.50, i received two beef ribs with barely any meat on them.', 'in my opinion, ribs should be fall-off-the-bone.', 'these were the exact opposite, and the flavour was nothing special.', 'my friend was even more disappointed with his pork ribs, and sent them back in exchange for the pulled-pork sandwich.', 'first time in a very long while where i tipped less than 15%.']",15,243
262,Chili's,"Ridiculous! The hostess seat us down with a major attitude because we asked to seat on a booth. She throw the menu down on the table, and did not speak a word to us. After that we waited 20 mins for a server to come to us. The services there was absolutely terrible! If you want your night ruined, then go there. The food was cold when it came out.","['ridiculous!', 'the hostess seat us down with a major attitude because we asked to seat on a booth.', 'she throw the menu down on the table, and did not speak a word to us.', 'after that we waited 20 mins for a server to come to us.', 'the services there was absolutely terrible!', 'if you want your night ruined, then go there.', 'the food was cold when it came out.']",7,104
263,Brio Tuscan Grille,"Brio is always a happy dining experience.  For this specific location, I've only been for happy hour, but I don't see how their regular menu would differ from their location at Town Square.  

Their happy hour must be one of the best!  They have a list of items for $2.95.  Don't let the price fool you though.  Their portions are decent sized.  We always order one of everything, and maybe even two of some other things.  (Don't judge us!!)  How could you not though?  Cheap, good food is so hard to pass up!

Their service is always amazing.  They check several times to make sure everything is okay and refill drinks before it is necessary.","['brio is always a happy dining experience.', ""for this specific location, i've only been for happy hour, but i don't see how their regular menu would differ from their location at town square."", 'their happy hour must be one of the best!', 'they have a list of items for $2.95.', ""don't let the price fool you though."", ""(don't judge us!!)"", 'how could you not though?', 'cheap, good food is so hard to pass up!', 'their service is always amazing.', 'they check several times to make sure everything is okay and refill drinks before it is necessary.']",12,505
264,28GO The Restaurant,"A couple girl friends and I ventured over for lunch on our break between classes.  One of the girls heard from some of her friends that this place was ""soooo good"".  Well, these friends of hers have either really low standards or just don't know the difference between good, quality food and junk.

All of us ordered the shoyu ribs ramen.  To say that it was disappointing would be an understatement.  The soup was luke-warm at best and it tasted almost sweet.  Ramen is supposed to be savory, so the sweet-ish soup was a major no-no.  The noodles were also sad.  It tasted like the instant stuff.  Gross.  Supposedly, their other menu items (i.e. gogi beef stuffed waffles) are supposed to be better, but that is a chance that I am not willing to take.

Their decorations/furnishings were quite interesting.  The first thing we noticed upon walking in was their Transformer-like chairs.  They had some anime characters painted on the wall and had some anime show/movie playing silently on a tv.  The place was insanely dark that we were blinded when we were walking outside to leave.  

It goes without saying that I definitely will not be going back.  I much rather eat Panda Express on campus.","['a couple girl friends and i ventured over for lunch on our break between classes.', 'one of the girls heard from some of her friends that this place was ""soooo good"".', ""well, these friends of hers have either really low standards or just don't know the difference between good, quality food and junk."", 'the place was insanely dark that we were blinded when we were walking outside to leave.', 'it goes without saying that i definitely will not be going back.', 'i much rather eat panda express on campus.']",18,101
265,Five Guys,"Five Guys FTW!!  This place is pretty amaaaa-ZING! 

We usually get the bacon cheeseburger (I order the ""little"" since two patties on the ""regular"" would be too much for me).  I love the FREE toppings you get which include grilled mushrooms and onions.  I always  order mine with extra mushrooms as I am a mushroom feign.  They also pile on the bacon which is awesome since most places gimp you on that.  Their bacon cheese dog is also delicious.  I just wish they had sport peppers.  Oh well, you can't win them all.  

Their cajun fries are also a must!  I'm not a big french fry fan (especially the thick cut kind), but the fries here are to die for!  The cajun fries are extra addicting (which is probably why they have such generous portions).  

This place does not fail to disappoint and has grown to be our go-to place for burgers.","['five guys ftw!!', 'this place is pretty amaaaa-zing!', 'we usually get the bacon cheeseburger (i order the ""little"" since two patties on the ""regular"" would be too much for me).', 'i love the free toppings you get which include grilled mushrooms and onions.', 'i always  order mine with extra mushrooms as i am a mushroom feign.', ""oh well, you can't win them all."", 'their cajun fries are also a must!', ""i'm not a big french fry fan (especially the thick cut kind), but the fries here are to die for!"", 'the cajun fries are extra addicting (which is probably why they have such generous portions).', 'this place does not fail to disappoint and has grown to be our go-to place for burgers.']",13,278
266,Wicked Spoon,"This used to be our ""go to"" for buffets.  The boyfriend and I decided to try it out when they first opened, and found that we enjoyed the pre-divided portions.  (Mind you, not everything was like that.  There were also food served the traditional buffet way.)  Apparently, you either love this particular serving style or you hate it.  We loved it.  Food and service quality were definitely up to par.  They have a variety of food and have choices available that aren't your typical buffet fare.  They also have a mac and cheese bar, which I loved since I am a mac and cheese feign.  I think the thing I enjoyed most was the desserts.  I'm not a big sweets person so I chose the French macaroons and the white chocolate dipped crab apples and strawberries.  However, for the people with a sweet tooth, they have a variety of gelato, fudge, cakes, and whatever else.  

Unfortunately, we've heard that the food isn't the same as it was before so we haven't been back.  They also raised their prices (it used to be $29, I think).  It's now $35, which is a bit steep if I'm not guaranteed amazing food.","['this used to be our ""go to"" for buffets.', 'the boyfriend and i decided to try it out when they first opened, and found that we enjoyed the pre-divided portions.', '(mind you, not everything was like that.', 'there were also food served the traditional buffet way.)', 'apparently, you either love this particular serving style or you hate it.', ""i'm not a big sweets person so i chose the french macaroons and the white chocolate dipped crab apples and strawberries."", 'however, for the people with a sweet tooth, they have a variety of gelato, fudge, cakes, and whatever else.', ""unfortunately, we've heard that the food isn't the same as it was before so we haven't been back."", 'they also raised their prices (it used to be $29, i think).', ""it's now $35, which is a bit steep if i'm not guaranteed amazing food.""]",15,6446
267,Cerreta Fine Chocolates,"I grew up in Glendale and I have always loved Cerreta's candy. I think the Cerreta family has put a lot of thought into the variety of their product offering and to ensure the highest quality of their ingredients. I feel that the candy itself is a testament to another time, the shape, size and taste transports me back to a time even before my youth.  I time I never knew but always imagined as better somehow.

Even though some of the presentation of the products and dcor may seem dated, I sincerely feel that it is all part of the charm of this family owned business. I now live on the east coast, and try to swing by the store whenever I am in town to grab a box of French Mints for my office and get a few free samples while I'm there. It's always a hit with my co-workers. 

I also like picking up the individually wrapped candies, from time to time.  I find the factory store to have much more variety than the grocery store chains that also carry Cerreta's products around town. I have found this location to have a few more modern candy offerings, such as peanut butter truffle and mint cookie crumble. Everything is excellent here and if you are in the area, you should swing by. Life is short, what are you waiting for?","[""i grew up in glendale and i have always loved cerreta's candy."", 'i think the cerreta family has put a lot of thought into the variety of their product offering and to ensure the highest quality of their ingredients.', 'i feel that the candy itself is a testament to another time, the shape, size and taste transports me back to a time even before my youth.', 'i time i never knew but always imagined as better somehow.', 'even though some of the presentation of the products and dcor may seem dated, i sincerely feel that it is all part of the charm of this family owned business.', 'i also like picking up the individually wrapped candies, from time to time.', ""i find the factory store to have much more variety than the grocery store chains that also carry cerreta's products around town."", 'i have found this location to have a few more modern candy offerings, such as peanut butter truffle and mint cookie crumble.', 'everything is excellent here and if you are in the area, you should swing by.', 'life is short, what are you waiting for?']",12,101
268,Pullano's Pizza & Wings,"I grew up in Glendale and my parents would have Friday Pizza night, where we would get take out from Pullano's. I now live within proximity of Manhattan and have access to really great pizza. I try to swing by Pullano's when I am back in town, and I have to say that that the pizza still holds up after all of this time. It's nothing like the New York style pizza, but it's always really good. They have a thick crust, with a house made tomato sauce (that at times can be on the sweet side). They have a tendency to overdo it with the cheese but it still comes together well. I think it's a testament to the fresh ingredients. Overall, the menu is expansive and does not disappoint. See you guys next time I am in town!","[""i grew up in glendale and my parents would have friday pizza night, where we would get take out from pullano's."", 'i now live within proximity of manhattan and have access to really great pizza.', ""i try to swing by pullano's when i am back in town, and i have to say that that the pizza still holds up after all of this time."", ""it's nothing like the new york style pizza, but it's always really good."", 'they have a thick crust, with a house made tomato sauce (that at times can be on the sweet side).', 'they have a tendency to overdo it with the cheese but it still comes together well.', ""i think it's a testament to the fresh ingredients."", 'overall, the menu is expansive and does not disappoint.', 'see you guys next time i am in town!']",9,246
269,Gothic Landscaping,Anyone looking to have their yard landscaped by this company WATCH OUT!!! This place is horrible to deal with and has NO communication skills!! My job was pushed back for weeks and nothing was communicated to me. On top of that I am now having to report them to my bank as fraud since they have yet to return the upfront money I gave them. Horrible horrible experience all the way around! I wouldn't even give them 1 star but that is the lowest it would allow me to select. I just hope my bank is able to get the money back soon from these rat b@stards!!,"['anyone looking to have their yard landscaped by this company watch out!!!', 'this place is horrible to deal with and has no communication skills!!', 'my job was pushed back for weeks and nothing was communicated to me.', 'on top of that i am now having to report them to my bank as fraud since they have yet to return the upfront money i gave them.', 'horrible horrible experience all the way around!', ""i wouldn't even give them 1 star but that is the lowest it would allow me to select."", 'i just hope my bank is able to get the money back soon from these rat b@stards!', '!']",8,31
270,Bellagio Hotel,"Awesome price, came here for our anniversary, got a discount, great room, always clean, inside the hotel is he most amazing bakery and garden.. MUST SEE. Close to everything, watch fountains outside your window. Free parking and great scurity. LOVED IT!!!","['awesome price, came here for our anniversary, got a discount, great room, always clean, inside the hotel is he most amazing bakery and garden.. must see.', 'close to everything, watch fountains outside your window.', 'free parking and great scurity.', 'loved it!!', '!']",5,3030
271,"The Ritz-Carlton, Cleveland","Terrible. They advertise the bar stays open till 12am but in our whole stay when we arrived back after dinner, usually before 11pm,  the place was all locked up. The hotel is under renovation too so don't expect the famed Ritz service for the medium future.

Ok next night gets even better we arrive back at 10.30 and guess what ... bar closed. No problem we order drinks in our room and they send us Macaroni and Cheese!

All this for a mere $400 a night!","['terrible.', 'they advertise the bar stays open till 12am but in our whole stay when we arrived back after dinner, usually before 11pm,  the place was all locked up.', ""the hotel is under renovation too so don't expect the famed ritz service for the medium future."", 'ok next night gets even better we arrive back at 10.30 and guess what ... bar closed.', 'no problem we order drinks in our room and they send us macaroni and cheese!', 'all this for a mere $400 a night!']",6,66
272,Memories,"It was horrible, the soup tasted like it came from a can. You can tell it's frozen food. The prices are good but you get what you pay for. I gave it 2 stars only because the staff was outstanding. Think I'll pass on this place in the future.","['it was horrible, the soup tasted like it came from a can.', ""you can tell it's frozen food."", 'the prices are good but you get what you pay for.', 'i gave it 2 stars only because the staff was outstanding.', ""think i'll pass on this place in the future.""]",5,49
273,El Patron Mexican Grill & Cantina,"Food was very good but service is below par. Wasn't crowded at all but still took forever for someone to seat us. Just a person yelling across the room telling us ""Someone will seat us soon"" I recommend it for the food but don't be in a hurry to be seated.","['food was very good but service is below par.', ""wasn't crowded at all but still took forever for someone to seat us."", 'just a person yelling across the room telling us ""someone will seat us soon"" i recommend it for the food but don\'t be in a hurry to be seated.']",3,55
274,The Boathouse,"Amazing view. Friendly staff. Outdoor seating goes quickly, but even sitting inside almost every table has an amazing view of the lake.","['amazing view.', 'friendly staff.', 'outdoor seating goes quickly, but even sitting inside almost every table has an amazing view of the lake.']",3,65
275,Tandoori Grill,Me and my boyfriend live on the same block and we have to stop ourselves from going there every day. The food and service are amazing!!! It is homemade Indian food full of flavour and made fresh. The owners are lovely people and every time we go there we love spending sometime just chatting with them.,"['me and my boyfriend live on the same block and we have to stop ourselves from going there every day.', 'the food and service are amazing!!!', 'it is homemade indian food full of flavour and made fresh.', 'the owners are lovely people and every time we go there we love spending sometime just chatting with them.']",4,29
276,Sanko Trading,"Went in looking for a good knife, as an Xmas gift. 

Got talked down to by the fat/balding guy behind the counter (son of the owners?), saying the good knives (which were fully within my expressed budget) were for ""higher class people"", even mentioning every few minutes that all the kitchen stuff was final sale and he didn't want me thinking about a refund.

This literally happened a few hours ago. I've been there in the past, but unfortunately never had the pleasure of interacting with the lovable son.","['went in looking for a good knife, as an xmas gift.', 'got talked down to by the fat/balding guy behind the counter (son of the owners?', '), saying the good knives (which were fully within my expressed budget) were for ""higher class people"", even mentioning every few minutes that all the kitchen stuff was final sale and he didn\'t want me thinking about a refund.', 'this literally happened a few hours ago.', ""i've been there in the past, but unfortunately never had the pleasure of interacting with the lovable son.""]",5,48
277,Mong-Kut Thai,"Been coming here for the lunch special every Saturday for the past few weeks now. It's usually pretty empty, but the food is tasty and fast, and the owner very friendly. Don't expect anything too fancy, just simple honest food.","['been coming here for the lunch special every saturday for the past few weeks now.', ""it's usually pretty empty, but the food is tasty and fast, and the owner very friendly."", ""don't expect anything too fancy, just simple honest food.""]",3,31
278,Zakkushi,"Super solid. Arrived at 10ish on a Saturday night, had a cozy bench-table in ~15min, food was tasty, cheap biru, everything was clean. Ranks among Don Don & Guu for sure!","['super solid.', 'arrived at 10ish on a saturday night, had a cozy bench-table in ~15min, food was tasty, cheap biru, everything was clean.', 'ranks among don don & guu for sure!']",3,236
279,Dufferin Grove Park,"Dufferin Park is one of the top parks in Toronto. There are plenty of old grove trees that provide shade for the playground area but there are also sunny fields to spread out a blanket for sunning or a picnic. The organization that runs this park does an outstanding job of holding unique family events like puppet shows and movies. It has a rink, a wading pool, a pizza oven, fire pits, a gigantic sand box...for a kid it really does't get better than this park!","['dufferin park is one of the top parks in toronto.', 'there are plenty of old grove trees that provide shade for the playground area but there are also sunny fields to spread out a blanket for sunning or a picnic.', 'the organization that runs this park does an outstanding job of holding unique family events like puppet shows and movies.', ""it has a rink, a wading pool, a pizza oven, fire pits, a gigantic sand box...for a kid it really does't get better than this park!""]",4,14
280,Fresh Dental,Very nice and modern dentist office with a top notch staff!  The experience definitely put my anxiety of going to the dentist at ease.,"['very nice and modern dentist office with a top notch staff!', 'the experience definitely put my anxiety of going to the dentist at ease.']",2,8
281,Tuscany Suites & Casino,"Stayed here for a few nights when I arrived in LV and loved it. The suites were amazing....the pool was sooooooooooo nice. We went swimming at 10pm and it was 103!! Very relaxing. The staff was on point, they even loved the dogs....lol.....Its a vew blocks off the strip and reasonably priced. Find them on hotel.com","['stayed here for a few nights when i arrived in lv and loved it.', 'the suites were amazing....the pool was sooooooooooo nice.', 'we went swimming at 10pm and it was 103!!', 'very relaxing.', 'the staff was on point, they even loved the dogs....lol.....its a vew blocks off the strip and reasonably priced.', 'find them on hotel.com']",6,683
282,Safe Auto Care,"Other Auto shops need to go to these guys and take lessons!!! I went here with my son to get his car repaired....oil change and serpentine belt changed....first off...they have a special for the holiday ALL WORK HALF PRICE......and second...the did the work wihtin 15 minutes.....they were clean...mannerly and  helpful.....VERY KNOWLEDGABLE...other questions about the car were answered intelligently.

From the manager to the ladies in the office...THESE GUYZ ROCK It out!!","['other auto shops need to go to these guys and take lessons!!!', 'i went here with my son to get his car repaired....oil change and serpentine belt changed....first off...they have a special for the holiday all work half price......and second...the did the work wihtin 15 minutes.....they were clean...mannerly and  helpful.....very knowledgable...other questions about the car were answered intelligently.', 'from the manager to the ladies in the office...these guyz rock it out!', '!']",4,20
283,Sondel Family Veterinary Clinic,I have 3 competitive bird dogs as well as breed occasionally.  Dr Sondel was already the best vet I have had the pleasure of working with.  Now that he he has ventured out on his own he has taken vet care to a new level.  His new clinic rivals modern medical facilities for humans.   Nicest facility I have ever seen!  Jesse is for people that want the most advanced care with an honest/pragmatic approach.,"['i have 3 competitive bird dogs as well as breed occasionally.', 'dr sondel was already the best vet i have had the pleasure of working with.', 'now that he he has ventured out on his own he has taken vet care to a new level.', 'his new clinic rivals modern medical facilities for humans.', 'nicest facility i have ever seen!', 'jesse is for people that want the most advanced care with an honest/pragmatic approach.']",6,6
284,Habanero's Mexican Grill,Same as other habanero's.  Best damn quesadilla money can buy at a really affordable price.,"[""same as other habanero's."", 'best damn quesadilla money can buy at a really affordable price.']",2,21
285,Monsoon Siam,"Great service, great food, and incredible fried ice-cream!  I like the sun dried beef a lot.  Happy to have this place in my neighborhood!","['great service, great food, and incredible fried ice-cream!', 'i like the sun dried beef a lot.', 'happy to have this place in my neighborhood!']",3,160
286,World Buffet,Safe bet for a cheap buffet .  Nothing blew me away but the price is right.  Nice service and cool fish tank.,"['safe bet for a cheap buffet .', 'nothing blew me away but the price is right.', 'nice service and cool fish tank.']",3,43
287,Clausen Automotive,They said I needed a timing belt replaced when Honda Civics from 2006 don't have a timing belt.,"[""they said i needed a timing belt replaced when honda civics from 2006 don't have a timing belt.""]",1,4
288,Quivey's Grove,The Salomon salad for lunch was simply the best food I have eaten for 11 bucks.  The service was fantastic.  Sometimes I wonder if people who complain about bad service receive bad service because they are not the friendliest people themselves.  I also was here for a grooms dinner and there wasn't a complaint in the party.  My beef tenderloin was awesome!,"['the salomon salad for lunch was simply the best food i have eaten for 11 bucks.', 'the service was fantastic.', 'sometimes i wonder if people who complain about bad service receive bad service because they are not the friendliest people themselves.', ""i also was here for a grooms dinner and there wasn't a complaint in the party."", 'my beef tenderloin was awesome!']",5,143
289,Twisted Fitness,"Twisted fitness is a special place.  The instruction is world class and the team/community built around it is incredibly positive.  I started Jujitzu a year and a half ago with no previous martial arts experience.  Since then this school/gym has become one of the most important aspects of my life.  Twisted has challenged and pushed me in ways not comparable to any gym i previously attended. If you are looking to get in shape, learn to defend yourself and expose yourself to the beautiful sport of Jujitzu there is no better place to join.  (My previous sport was tennis so please don't think you can't try Jujitzu)","['twisted fitness is a special place.', 'the instruction is world class and the team/community built around it is incredibly positive.', 'i started jujitzu a year and a half ago with no previous martial arts experience.', 'since then this school/gym has become one of the most important aspects of my life.', 'twisted has challenged and pushed me in ways not comparable to any gym i previously attended.', 'if you are looking to get in shape, learn to defend yourself and expose yourself to the beautiful sport of jujitzu there is no better place to join.', ""(my previous sport was tennis so please don't think you can't try jujitzu)""]",7,6
290,Monona Bank - Monona,I tried to get a home loan here and they never got back to me.  Anchor bank down the road was happy to help.  Disappointed that my home town bank didn't take me seriously.,"['i tried to get a home loan here and they never got back to me.', 'anchor bank down the road was happy to help.', ""disappointed that my home town bank didn't take me seriously.""]",3,3
291,Java Cat,I like to come here to focus on a project.  Great coffee house vibe.  The staff clearly likes being here.  Everything is unique and delicious.  I had the soup of the day.  Baja chicken.  Excellent!!!,"['i like to come here to focus on a project.', 'great coffee house vibe.', 'the staff clearly likes being here.', 'everything is unique and delicious.', 'i had the soup of the day.', 'baja chicken.', 'excellent!!', '!']",8,68
292,The Weary Traveler Freehouse,One of my favorite places in Madison.  Tons of character with good food and drink.  Service is good.  Bar is very cool.,"['one of my favorite places in madison.', 'tons of character with good food and drink.', 'service is good.', 'bar is very cool.']",4,471
293,Monona Veterinary Clinic,"Went here for a routine check up  and wasn't impressed with the service, facility or prices.","[""went here for a routine check up  and wasn't impressed with the service, facility or prices.""]",1,3
294,Spring Harbor Animal Hospital,"Spring Harbor has changed direction since my previous review.  Dr sondel was my reason for being there.  He is gone.  Not a bad place, but not the best anymore.","['spring harbor has changed direction since my previous review.', 'dr sondel was my reason for being there.', 'he is gone.', 'not a bad place, but not the best anymore.']",4,19
295,Julep,"All aspects of the experience exuded high quality and care.  The food, service and atmosphere were unique, thoughtful and added to the great dinner I had.  Great addition to Madison!","['all aspects of the experience exuded high quality and care.', 'the food, service and atmosphere were unique, thoughtful and added to the great dinner i had.', 'great addition to madison!']",3,96
296,Bluephies,"My wife and I came here trying to diversify our restaurant portfolio.  Food across the board was okay.  Lettuce a little brown, rolls very out of bag from store feeling.  Many things lacked flavor when the creative names and combos made me expect something bold.  I'm not sure what some of the yelpers liked so much ?  The snickers pie was blah.  My salad was plain.  My wifes quiche was like a frozen pot pie. I liked my app, but not so much I'd order it twice.  The only thing we like was our butter finger shake, but madison has a few thousand places to get custard.  Our server was nice and helpful, but lacked courage in guiding our selection.  Not a awful experience, but not very good.  Would not give 2nd try.","['my wife and i came here trying to diversify our restaurant portfolio.', 'food across the board was okay.', 'lettuce a little brown, rolls very out of bag from store feeling.', 'many things lacked flavor when the creative names and combos made me expect something bold.', ""i'm not sure what some of the yelpers liked so much ?"", ""i liked my app, but not so much i'd order it twice."", 'the only thing we like was our butter finger shake, but madison has a few thousand places to get custard.', 'our server was nice and helpful, but lacked courage in guiding our selection.', 'not a awful experience, but not very good.', 'would not give 2nd try.']",13,228
297,Princeton Club,Cleanliness inconsistent.  Price high for some low for others.  Equipment all over the board.  Basketball crowd @ the EASTSIDE location is not friendly. Carpet in locker room is just not right.   Better options in town.,"['cleanliness inconsistent.', 'price high for some low for others.', 'equipment all over the board.', 'basketball crowd @ the eastside location is not friendly.', 'carpet in locker room is just not right.', 'better options in town.']",6,44
298,Edo Garden Hibachi,Good.  Not great.  Very consistent and attentive service.  If you need sushi and a seaweed salad it is the place to go.,"['good.', 'not great.', 'very consistent and attentive service.', 'if you need sushi and a seaweed salad it is the place to go.']",4,76
299,Cranberry Creek Catering & Cafe,I have been here a few times with an okay experience.  Today I ordered 35.00 worth of food for 2 people and toddler.  One order was flat wrong and needed 2 sausage patties added to the plate.  I kindly pointed the mistake out.  Pointed to the menu which supported my claim and she declined to make it right.  The person behind me then told her she was wrong and she correct my order.  I left and went back to eat my food with no resolution to the issue.  Then the front desk girl brought out the carbon copy and told me why I was wrong while my two year old is having a meltdown.  I then told her I didn't want to Argue and asked her to leave.   5 min later as we left the sausage showed up and no boxes ( requested 2 times) were brought to our table.  Go to crema and support good service and food.,"['i have been here a few times with an okay experience.', 'today i ordered 35.00 worth of food for 2 people and toddler.', 'one order was flat wrong and needed 2 sausage patties added to the plate.', 'i kindly pointed the mistake out.', 'pointed to the menu which supported my claim and she declined to make it right.', 'i left and went back to eat my food with no resolution to the issue.', 'then the front desk girl brought out the carbon copy and told me why i was wrong while my two year old is having a meltdown.', ""i then told her i didn't want to argue and asked her to leave."", '5 min later as we left the sausage showed up and no boxes ( requested 2 times) were brought to our table.', 'go to crema and support good service and food.']",11,30
300,Schwenn's Service,"This is one of the last ""real"" service stations left in Madison.  The guys at this place are the type you build a relationship with and they take care of you.  I recently had a quote for my truck that was quoted other places for 1500 to 2000.  They worked their magic for 600.  The next day when grabbing gas for my boat and jet skis ( no corn gas available here) I had a lock on my trailer that was jammed.  They cut it off and told me to have a nice day.  No charge.","['this is one of the last ""real"" service stations left in madison.', 'the guys at this place are the type you build a relationship with and they take care of you.', 'i recently had a quote for my truck that was quoted other places for 1500 to 2000.  they worked their magic for 600.  the next day when grabbing gas for my boat and jet skis ( no corn gas available here) i had a lock on my trailer that was jammed.', 'they cut it off and told me to have a nice day.', 'no charge.']",5,4
301,Park on Fremont,"One of the best experiences I have had in Vegas.  Food, drink, decor, outdoor patio and vibe.  The chicken and waffle sandwich was great.","['one of the best experiences i have had in vegas.', 'food, drink, decor, outdoor patio and vibe.', 'the chicken and waffle sandwich was great.']",3,1074
302,4&20 Bakery & Cafe,"This place is great. The name, the owner, the food, the coffee, the cleanliness, the vibe, etc.  I had the special cold brew, quiche and the breakfast sandwich.  All perfect!","['this place is great.', 'the name, the owner, the food, the coffee, the cleanliness, the vibe, etc.', 'i had the special cold brew, quiche and the breakfast sandwich.', 'all perfect!']",4,133
303,Gold's Gym,"Great gym, nice staff, good trainers, I tried a yoga class, instructor was awesome.  The salt water pool is great.  Always clean.  Need more weekend hours and a heavy bag.  My wife loves the cardio cinema.","['great gym, nice staff, good trainers, i tried a yoga class, instructor was awesome.', 'the salt water pool is great.', 'always clean.', 'need more weekend hours and a heavy bag.', 'my wife loves the cardio cinema.']",5,37
304,Habanero's Mexican Grill,Best quesadilla I have ever had.  I go with steak extra meat with hot sauce and sour.   Real coke.  Sure the place isn't fancy.  But I'm reviewing food darn it!  And its great!,"['best quesadilla i have ever had.', 'i go with steak extra meat with hot sauce and sour.', 'real coke.', ""sure the place isn't fancy."", ""but i'm reviewing food darn it!"", 'and its great!']",6,124
305,Sushi Box,Green tea in a can.  Solid sushi.  Unique atmosphere.  The person who brought out my  sushi cared that I'd liked everything.  Good experience.,"['green tea in a can.', 'solid sushi.', 'unique atmosphere.', ""the person who brought out my  sushi cared that i'd liked everything."", 'good experience.']",5,68
306,Bourbon Street Grille,"If this place wasn't on the  lake/channel it would be out of business.   Crap food, blah service.  Avoid.  Nice outside deck.  That is why it gets a star.","[""if this place wasn't on the  lake/channel it would be out of business."", 'crap food, blah service.', 'avoid.', 'nice outside deck.', 'that is why it gets a star.']",5,41
307,Bunky's Cafe,"It's good.  I thought it was on the right track.   Everything was solid.  Deviled eggs, chick sandwich and komboocha tea. Nothing blew my mind,  I'll go back and see what the evening vibe is like.  Glad to have it in the neighborhood.","[""it's good."", 'i thought it was on the right track.', 'everything was solid.', 'deviled eggs, chick sandwich and komboocha tea.', ""nothing blew my mind,  i'll go back and see what the evening vibe is like."", 'glad to have it in the neighborhood.']",6,123
308,Lakeside Street Coffee House,"I want to start out by saying I'm going to give this place a second try for sure.  But if my yelps aren't honest they don't mean anything.   So here we go.

The space and view is excellent.  Great vibe and view.  The problems started with my order.   I ordered the quiche of the day and sat down.   15 min pass and they came to my table and said they were out of what I ordered.   I switched to what's left, no problem.  Another 15 min passed and I went to the front and they told me it was a very busy day and that it was almost ready.  (It was less busy than an average lunch rush at most places I have been in town.) When I finally got the quiche it was cold and blah.   I hope to try again and experience what everyone is talking about.  It stands on 3 stars for being a cool hang out.","[""i want to start out by saying i'm going to give this place a second try for sure."", ""but if my yelps aren't honest they don't mean anything."", 'so here we go.', 'the space and view is excellent.', 'great vibe and view.', 'another 15 min passed and i went to the front and they told me it was a very busy day and that it was almost ready.', '(it was less busy than an average lunch rush at most places i have been in town.)', 'when i finally got the quiche it was cold and blah.', 'i hope to try again and experience what everyone is talking about.', 'it stands on 3 stars for being a cool hang out.']",14,83
309,Village Pedaler,Good local shop.  I haven't experienced any racism like jayson and can safely say after LONG conversations with a very interesting owner that they are NOT a racist bike shop.  Madison maybe a bit on the hyper-sensitive side when pulling the race card.,"['good local shop.', ""i haven't experienced any racism like jayson and can safely say after long conversations with a very interesting owner that they are not a racist bike shop."", 'madison maybe a bit on the hyper-sensitive side when pulling the race card.']",3,5
310,Off Broadway Drafthouse,Chef Dave plus an amazing atmosphere equals my favorite spot in the 608.  Huge beer list and great fish fry. Never had a bad experience.,"['chef dave plus an amazing atmosphere equals my favorite spot in the 608.  huge beer list and great fish fry.', 'never had a bad experience.']",2,64
311,SUZUYA Patisserie,I'm no sure if we got a bad box or not...but these are the most disgusting pastries I have ever had. Four of us shared a mixed box and sampled each one. Everyone of us gagged. One person spit the lemon from the lemon meringue across the room. This will haunt me for years!,"[""i'm no sure if we got a bad box or not...but these are the most disgusting pastries i have ever had."", 'four of us shared a mixed box and sampled each one.', 'everyone of us gagged.', 'one person spit the lemon from the lemon meringue across the room.', 'this will haunt me for years!']",5,459
312,Jeff Civillico: Comedy In Action,"Jeff's show was hilarious!!! It was the highlight of my weekend in Vegas! Jeff engages the audience throughout and is simply very funny. I laughed for the entire hour performance! His juggilng isn't bad either! I would absolutely see this show again and highly recommend it for all ages! His opener, Turf, was also fun to watch and his crew was awesome!","[""jeff's show was hilarious!!!"", 'it was the highlight of my weekend in vegas!', 'jeff engages the audience throughout and is simply very funny.', 'i laughed for the entire hour performance!', ""his juggilng isn't bad either!"", 'i would absolutely see this show again and highly recommend it for all ages!', 'his opener, turf, was also fun to watch and his crew was awesome!']",7,191
313,Powter Puff Boutique,"I love the powter puff boutique. Everything there is super cute and their is something for every budget. I bought the best blue ruffle dress for $50 and a gorgeous necklace for $23. I get nothing but compliments on both. Sometimes the stock is low, so I try to check facebook first to see when new stock has come in. Brooke is amazing, and super super helpful. I can't wait until my next visit to see what's new!","['i love the powter puff boutique.', 'everything there is super cute and their is something for every budget.', 'i bought the best blue ruffle dress for $50 and a gorgeous necklace for $23.', 'i get nothing but compliments on both.', 'sometimes the stock is low, so i try to check facebook first to see when new stock has come in.', 'brooke is amazing, and super super helpful.', ""i can't wait until my next visit to see what's new!""]",7,8
314,Elite Grooming Boutique,"I brought in two cats to get groomed today, they were extremely nice, fast to book, however when I got home I noticed a huge amount on them and they weren't finished drying. I expected one of the cats to still have shedding, however the other cat  gets groomed regularly. I noticed that they were using furminstors which I have been told isn't good for cats because it just pulls out more hair. I got home and brushed my normally groomed cat and I've never seen her so bad. I think they just pulled out the hair without trying to brush it out. I'm unfortunately disappointed. I will be going back to Petsmart. They did have a challenge with the other cat however because of the amount of hair. She looked like a different cat when finished. However in the past taking my other cat to get groomed I can pet her without getting lumps of hair or not seeing loose hair.","[""i brought in two cats to get groomed today, they were extremely nice, fast to book, however when i got home i noticed a huge amount on them and they weren't finished drying."", 'i expected one of the cats to still have shedding, however the other cat  gets groomed regularly.', ""i noticed that they were using furminstors which i have been told isn't good for cats because it just pulls out more hair."", ""i got home and brushed my normally groomed cat and i've never seen her so bad."", 'i think they just pulled out the hair without trying to brush it out.', ""i'm unfortunately disappointed."", 'i will be going back to petsmart.', 'they did have a challenge with the other cat however because of the amount of hair.', 'she looked like a different cat when finished.', 'however in the past taking my other cat to get groomed i can pet her without getting lumps of hair or not seeing loose hair.']",10,60
315,Brothers Italian Bistro,"If I could give negative stars I would.  Their pizza is not that great, go get yourself a five dollar pizza for better taste.  They mess up your order, and when you go to call to get it fixed they tell you, ""I really don't care sweetheart.""  Don't waste your time unless you like shitty food and liked being insulted with it at the same time.","['if i could give negative stars i would.', 'their pizza is not that great, go get yourself a five dollar pizza for better taste.', 'they mess up your order, and when you go to call to get it fixed they tell you, ""i really don\'t care sweetheart.""', ""don't waste your time unless you like shitty food and liked being insulted with it at the same time.""]",4,205
316,Kelly Cardenas Salon - Las Vegas,"I absolutely love this place!  By far the best salon I've ever been to!  Yes it's pricey, but they disclose all the charges to you before they start their work.  I've been screwed over multiple times by hair salons, but they are very honest upfront about their prices.  I spent a lot on my hair, but I was also box dying it for several months which they had to correct, and I didn't have a hair cut in six month prior to coming here.  Jenn did my hair, and she did an excellent job.  Some may not like that there were passed off to different people, but I didn't mind it at all, it gets things done much faster.  The essentials are done by the person you are originally set up with.  I bought a lot of product, which I was given an awesome discount on, and Jenn put some of the red hair dye in my conditioner while sending me home with gloves as well!  I don't care what anyone else says, I would totally recommend this place!","['i absolutely love this place!', ""by far the best salon i've ever been to!"", ""yes it's pricey, but they disclose all the charges to you before they start their work."", ""i've been screwed over multiple times by hair salons, but they are very honest upfront about their prices."", ""i spent a lot on my hair, but i was also box dying it for several months which they had to correct, and i didn't have a hair cut in six month prior to coming here."", 'jenn did my hair, and she did an excellent job.', ""some may not like that there were passed off to different people, but i didn't mind it at all, it gets things done much faster."", 'the essentials are done by the person you are originally set up with.', 'i bought a lot of product, which i was given an awesome discount on, and jenn put some of the red hair dye in my conditioner while sending me home with gloves as well!', ""i don't care what anyone else says, i would totally recommend this place!""]",10,242
317,808 Sushi,"Decent place to go, only reason I give it five stars is because of the prices.  During happy hour, rolls as low as 2.75, I had three and found myself full.

Taste, like any other sushi place.

I subtracted a star for the attitude I received from the servers.  One however was extremely nice and made sure my cups were always full.

We walk in, I wanted to sit in the back, and the woman who seated us had us sit where an employee was eating and kicked her out of the seat...right in front of us.  I felt extremely uncomfortable and felt bad.  Then as we sit down, a man came out and said something to the waitress and looked at us and said, ""You took my table.""  I almost wanted to walk right then and there and say, ""Oh okay, here is your table, we'll go where they welcome their fucking customers.""  ...but didn't.  I told the woman, that we could sit at the table next to us and not have anyone moved or their table ""taken"".  Her response? ""We need that for the bigger parties.""  That table remained unoccupied the entire time we were there.

If their prices weren't cheep and the sushi wasn't decent I wouldn't have been back. :/","['decent place to go, only reason i give it five stars is because of the prices.', 'during happy hour, rolls as low as 2.75, i had three and found myself full.', 'taste, like any other sushi place.', 'that table remained unoccupied the entire time we were there.', ""if their prices weren't cheep and the sushi wasn't decent i wouldn't have been back."", ':/']",16,474
318,Polished Nails & Spa,"I'm not sure why there are so many negative comments, I had a good experience here.  The main reason I tried this place is because of the location, only being about 5 minutes away from my house.  Christina did my nails, extremely helpful and nice.  She took her time to get me the the exact color I wanted, talked to me and offered me a drink.  I went in an hour before closing and the receptionist was afraid I wouldn't be able to squeeze in a pedicure, but Christina was fast and efficient to make sure I had enough time.  Another woman (I forgot her name :( ) did my pedicure when everyone was already packed up and ready to leave so I really appreciated that.  It seriously was the best pedicure I've ever had, all the tough skin I had on my feet gone.  A lot of people complain about the laziness of the owner, but I didn't see him fooling around.  A nail lady's phone was going off and he was attentive to put her ringer on silent, and sorting through the receipts with the receptionist. 

Only downside...the owner of the place was there today, and a bit standoffish.  I wouldn't say rude...but not friendly.  He interrupted my pedicure to have the lady check a yelp review (I'm assuming) because it was regarding a complaint and it was in a different language she could understand.  I didn't mind but it seemed unprofessional.  He kind of was staring at me, so I just said hello and he ignored me. :/ I would have given it five stars.  However, I work in an office, and a lot of ladies ask about my nails since I'm constantly working with my hands, and I will recommend this place and Christina!","[""i'm not sure why there are so many negative comments, i had a good experience here."", 'the main reason i tried this place is because of the location, only being about 5 minutes away from my house.', 'christina did my nails, extremely helpful and nice.', 'he kind of was staring at me, so i just said hello and he ignored me.', ':/ i would have given it five stars.', ""however, i work in an office, and a lot of ladies ask about my nails since i'm constantly working with my hands, and i will recommend this place and christina!""]",16,559
319,Montana Meat Company - Durango,"If there was an option to give this place negative stars, I would.  First of all, you walk in and even in the dining area wreaks of smoke.  So you push that aside thinking your steak will be good enough to bare the smell.  Nope, ordered a medium rare, still tough as nails.  I ordered ONE drink, the same exact drink I ordered at Tex Mex down the street, a smaller portion for literally double the price.  Tex Mex $5.00, this place $10.00 for a vodka and seven up in a smaller glass.  Then, I asked for a side of ranch, charged me for it.  This place is ridiculous.  What are you? Gorden Ramsy Steakhouse?  Get out of here, your food sucks so don't charge me extra for ranch to try and get the leather tasteless steak out of my mouth.","['if there was an option to give this place negative stars, i would.', 'first of all, you walk in and even in the dining area wreaks of smoke.', 'so you push that aside thinking your steak will be good enough to bare the smell.', 'nope, ordered a medium rare, still tough as nails.', 'i ordered one drink, the same exact drink i ordered at tex mex down the street, a smaller portion for literally double the price.', 'then, i asked for a side of ranch, charged me for it.', 'this place is ridiculous.', 'what are you?', 'gorden ramsy steakhouse?', ""get out of here, your food sucks so don't charge me extra for ranch to try and get the leather tasteless steak out of my mouth.""]",11,345
320,Camino Al Norte Animal Hospital,Best vet ever! We drive all the way from mountains edge just to update our cats on their vaccines because we only trust him!!!,"['best vet ever!', 'we drive all the way from mountains edge just to update our cats on their vaccines because we only trust him!!', '!']",3,105
321,Cold Stone Creamery,"If you want your ice cream served by rude bitches, by all means, go here.  I went in with my fiance and friend after eating at the Thai restaurant a few feet away.  The three of us walk in, my fiance wanted a peanut butter shake.  ""We don't have peanut butter ice cream, but we can put peanut butter in the shake, what kind of ice cream do you want?"" He ordered the chocolate malt ice cream.  Then I order, then my friend goes to order, and as Sammy the ""leader on duty"" walks out my friend goes to tell her what he wants, but instead is told, ""Oh she'll help you when she's done."" and helps the person after him.  I don't know, maybe I'm not sure how a line is formed and serviced, but I thought it was on a first come first serve basis, but apparently at Cold Stone, it's every OTHER person in line...who knew?  Anyway, my fiance goes to try his shake, and low and behold...no peanut butter.  He goes to the register and just simply asks, ""Can you add peanut butter to my shake?""  Sammy looks at the ice cream scooper who took our order and asks, ""Did he ask for peanut butter?"" ....she says no.  Seriously little girl?  We were all there, we had a discussion about not having peanut butter ice cream...how can you try and manage this lie?  So as I'm explaining to this girl to try and refresh her memory about our order...Sammy rudely interrupts and says, ""Well it's going to cost more to add peanut butter.""  We all just looked at each other shocked and the girl who took our order stated, ""My bad."" as if she really thought that was a proper apology.  Wow.  So we all walked out.

 I will not be coming here again, just because I'm worried for MY well being.  I wanted to throw my fiance's shake at Sammy aka leader on duty's head for being such a rude brat.  If they were a little bit nicer, and actually acted like they cared because I don't know...that's your job working in customer service...I wouldn't be so bitter about it.  If any of you ladies are reading this, please remember you aren't going to get too far with that kind of attitude with anything you do in your career. :/","['if you want your ice cream served by rude bitches, by all means, go here.', 'i went in with my fiance and friend after eating at the thai restaurant a few feet away.', 'the three of us walk in, my fiance wanted a peanut butter shake.', ""if they were a little bit nicer, and actually acted like they cared because i don't know...that's your job working in customer service...i wouldn't be so bitter about it."", ""if any of you ladies are reading this, please remember you aren't going to get too far with that kind of attitude with anything you do in your career."", ':/']",24,90
322,Live Organic Food Bar - Liberty Village,"I've been waiting for Live Market to open for a while. From the moment I saw the familiar ""Live"" sign appear in Liberty Village, I've been waiting. They opened in the week I was out of town visiting family, so for a week, I watched from a far, watching my friends post pictures of the various things they had bought, and ate,  looking forward to being back in my hood of Liberty/Niagara so I too could eat this stuff too.

Live Market is conveniently(?) located right near my gym, so I have been here three times in a fairly short time period, and it's nice to have such a great post-workout option, and really extra nice to have a close non-starbucks coffee/tea option near my house.

Both times I've actually ordered food, it's been very very tasty. First time - the chickpea burger, second time, upon the recommendation of the server - Burdock Burrito (Do order this. It is yummy.) Live Market also keeps me in Silk Road earl grey tea. I've had the wherewithal to arrive shortly before the influx of Liberty Village work folks coming in on their lunch break.

I often feel like the best way to tell the service level of a restaurant is how they handle minor errors. My partner ordered and ended up waiting a fairly long time for his lunch order, so not only did they make it right, they apologized, and offered him a coffee for his trouble. Smooth. Empowered staff make me a happy camper, so we just left liking them even more.

They've got Ezra Pound roasted coffee, and prepared ready-to-go items, juices, snacks, and treats, as well as order-in items if you have a little more time. 

There are lots of locally made products like ChocoSol chocolate, Stasis Preserves, Bunner's Cookies, Sweets from the Earth treats, amongst other things. You can buy protein powder, tea, coffee, and even make up. They also have jars of Rawtella for sale, which I wouldn't call ""healthy"", but I would call really really delicious (since I did end up buying some on my last visit...)

Service has been consistently friendly, food has been consistently good, and I feel like I get good value for my money when I go there.

Things to know: They don't have debit/credit working yet, but it's coming soon. I.E., At the moment it's Cash Only.","[""i've been waiting for live market to open for a while."", 'from the moment i saw the familiar ""live"" sign appear in liberty village, i\'ve been waiting.', 'they opened in the week i was out of town visiting family, so for a week, i watched from a far, watching my friends post pictures of the various things they had bought, and ate,  looking forward to being back in my hood of liberty/niagara so i too could eat this stuff too.', 'they also have jars of rawtella for sale, which i wouldn\'t call ""healthy"", but i would call really really delicious (since i did end up buying some on my last visit...)  service has been consistently friendly, food has been consistently good, and i feel like i get good value for my money when i go there.', ""things to know: they don't have debit/credit working yet, but it's coming soon."", ""i.e., at the moment it's cash only.""]",20,39
323,Grasslands,"Like most Veg-o's I was a little sad when Fressen announced they were closing. Not because I particularly liked it, but because it was the main option for a slightly fancier totally vegan night out, with wine (the other tasty option being Vegetarian Haven, without wine.)

A group of 7 of us went on their second day. Is it too early to do a review? Maybe. So take it all with a grain of salt. I hear things are still ""evolving"" and the menu might change. More desserts might appear. Anything could happen. 

The Bar Snax menu looks interesting, and the idea of being able to have drinks and vegan snacks at midnight or 1 am, is promising, especially with Bar Chef next door (which has zero veganizable food options at all according to the last time we went...)

The Grasslands interior and drink menu is the biggest change when compared with Fressen. And those are really nice improvements. It's brighter, while still being intimate, and has a more open feel, with less cramped seating. 

Another pleasant change is that the servers all seem friendly, and generally helpful.

Food is very Fressen-like, so if you liked Fressen, you will like Grasslands. I had a favourite go-to dish at Fressen.  I ordered the skewer and liked it. Everyone else ordered the seitan roast or the chicken. Bar Snax menu is the biggest change from the former, and it's full of crispy and bite sized options.

Major problem on our first visit was that we went in a group of 7, which means an automatic gratuity of 18% was added to our bill. But there was nothing on the menu to indicate this, the person taking our reservation didn't let us know, and the servers didn't mention it. Since we're decent people, we obviously added a tip, and so, double tipped. Womp womp.

I'll leave out the Facebook page drama that ensued after we commented about it on their page, but regardless, they did not handle the comments well, and shut off posting on their page entirely. Hopefully it was an educational experience.

To sum it up: Food is okay. Service is good. Bar (and associated menu) is great. Interior is great.","[""like most veg-o's i was a little sad when fressen announced they were closing."", 'not because i particularly liked it, but because it was the main option for a slightly fancier totally vegan night out, with wine (the other tasty option being vegetarian haven, without wine.)', 'a group of 7 of us went on their second day.', 'service is good.', 'bar (and associated menu) is great.', 'interior is great.']",28,64
324,Linuxcaffe,"Since this place is one of the Indie Coffee Passport stops, I skipped buying my typical latte and ordered a (vegan) soup instead. I asked the server if the bread that came with it was vegan too, and he said he didn't think so. 

Now, this is the part I really liked. He quietly gave me a bit of a discount on the soup (which is normally 3.95) I thought that was a nice (and unexpected) touch. He was very friendly in general, and asked me how my soup was when he walked by later. 

I wish they got their vegan baked goods from somewhere other than ""OMG Baked Goodness"" because I can't support that place at all. Please get some Sweets From the Earth!

It's got free wifi (yey!)
It charges extra for soy milk (booo!)

The soup was decent, the first bite was kind of oddly sharp and unpleasant, but by the end of it I was really enjoying it, so I think I'd probably order it again.","['since this place is one of the indie coffee passport stops, i skipped buying my typical latte and ordered a (vegan) soup instead.', ""i asked the server if the bread that came with it was vegan too, and he said he didn't think so."", 'now, this is the part i really liked.', 'he quietly gave me a bit of a discount on the soup (which is normally 3.95) i thought that was a nice (and unexpected) touch.', 'he was very friendly in general, and asked me how my soup was when he walked by later.', 'i wish they got their vegan baked goods from somewhere other than ""omg baked goodness"" because i can\'t support that place at all.', 'please get some sweets from the earth!', ""it's got free wifi (yey!)"", 'it charges extra for soy milk (booo!)', ""the soup was decent, the first bite was kind of oddly sharp and unpleasant, but by the end of it i was really enjoying it, so i think i'd probably order it again.""]",10,25
325,The Workroom Studio,"Today I successfully made a pillowcase. I'm so proud I had to tell Yelp. But seriously, I love this little store, and I'm sad that it took me so long to visit, but I anticipate visiting more frequently in the future.

I took the Basic Sewing Essentials class on a whim, and now I can't wait to take more. The classes are small (just 6 people) and easy to follow. The instructor was helpful, with good advice on troubleshooting machine problems, threading issues, and other sewing machine stuff. I left feeling like I had learned something that I could actually do again without  being confused. Karyn, the owner, was our instructor and came around regularly to check on everyone and offer help or advice.

There is a store dog, and initially, that was weird, but in a good way. I usually don't like dogs, but this one is laid back, friendly (but not too friendly) and spent most of her time on the couch in the back. 

The fabric selection is awesome. So many different colours and textures. They have fat quarters in various styles and colours, notions, patterns, and other supplies.

Really positive experience, and I would recommend it if you're looking for fabric, or if you're looking to start taking sewing classes.","['today i successfully made a pillowcase.', ""i'm so proud i had to tell yelp."", ""but seriously, i love this little store, and i'm sad that it took me so long to visit, but i anticipate visiting more frequently in the future."", ""i took the basic sewing essentials class on a whim, and now i can't wait to take more."", 'the classes are small (just 6 people) and easy to follow.', ""i usually don't like dogs, but this one is laid back, friendly (but not too friendly) and spent most of her time on the couch in the back."", 'the fabric selection is awesome.', 'so many different colours and textures.', 'they have fat quarters in various styles and colours, notions, patterns, and other supplies.', ""really positive experience, and i would recommend it if you're looking for fabric, or if you're looking to start taking sewing classes.""]",14,19
326,Itz A Wrap,"Their ""Vegan Delight"" wrap has Havarti cheese in it? You suck Itz A Wrap. Will not return. Ever. And apparently they've had the sign up since at least last year?

I'd give it no stars, but it's not an option.","['their ""vegan delight"" wrap has havarti cheese in it?', 'you suck itz a wrap.', 'will not return.', 'ever.', ""and apparently they've had the sign up since at least last year?"", ""i'd give it no stars, but it's not an option.""]",6,12
327,Sam James Coffee Bar,"I ordered a soy latte and it was PERFECT. Just a perfect cup, the flavour was so smooth and delicious. I walked in mid barista banter, which was pretty entertaining, and while the space is really small, I managed to come in when it wasn't too busy and got a seat.

I really want to try the siphon coffee sometime.","['i ordered a soy latte and it was perfect.', 'just a perfect cup, the flavour was so smooth and delicious.', ""i walked in mid barista banter, which was pretty entertaining, and while the space is really small, i managed to come in when it wasn't too busy and got a seat."", 'i really want to try the siphon coffee sometime.']",4,77
328,Eight Wine Bar,"I dropped into this wine bar for.... surprise.... a glass of wine. I had checked out their menu online earlier but opted not to order anything solid. Though they do have a couple of small veganish options.

Eight has a modern decor, good atmosphere, and while I was there, a live DJ. There were television screens in the wall playing oh so hipply distorted Alfred Hitchcock movies.

When I walked in it was mostly empty, the bartender was friendly, and the service reached that delicate balance of attentive but unobtrusive. 

I ordered a terrible wine, the name of which I have forgotten, but that's not their fault. I picked something local and cheap. They have a great wine list, available by the glass or by the bottle, so you're bound to find something to enjoy.

The server was kind enough to keep offering to fill up my glass of water at least 5 times after I finished that 1 glass of (terrible) wine. They weren't exactly busy, but there wasn't a moment I felt rushed out of there and it was appreciated.","['i dropped into this wine bar for.... surprise.... a glass of wine.', 'i had checked out their menu online earlier but opted not to order anything solid.', 'though they do have a couple of small veganish options.', 'eight has a modern decor, good atmosphere, and while i was there, a live dj.', 'there were television screens in the wall playing oh so hipply distorted alfred hitchcock movies.', ""i ordered a terrible wine, the name of which i have forgotten, but that's not their fault."", 'i picked something local and cheap.', ""they have a great wine list, available by the glass or by the bottle, so you're bound to find something to enjoy."", 'the server was kind enough to keep offering to fill up my glass of water at least 5 times after i finished that 1 glass of (terrible) wine.', ""they weren't exactly busy, but there wasn't a moment i felt rushed out of there and it was appreciated.""]",11,13
329,Merchants of Green Coffee,"The first time Merchants of Green coffee was recommended by a barista at another coffee shop, I put it on my mental To Visit list. She had mentioned that it didn't look like a place you could go inside and drink coffee, so I was slightly more prepared for the remote location, but I still got lost on the way.

Unfortunately the day I went in, they had run out of regular soy milk, and considering I've been ordering a soy latte from everywhere... that was a bit of a disappointment. They don't have soy milk, so one of the barista's happily suggested 2%. I'm not sure how that's an equivalent option, but (obviously) I didn't go for it.

Luckily there was someone else there, and he offered me a very awesome tasty latte made with So Nice soy creamer (which is a lot thicker than regular soymilk). He warned me it might be too sweet. But no, it was delicious and a great cozy cup of coffee (and now I kind of wish people always made me lattes with that heavy soy creamer...).

Wandering through their location is a bit like visiting a mini coffee museum.

I'd like to go back again and try just a regular coffee from Merchants of Green Coffee or take one of their coffee workshops after I've completed the rest of my Indie Coffee Passport Stops.","['the first time merchants of green coffee was recommended by a barista at another coffee shop, i put it on my mental to visit list.', ""she had mentioned that it didn't look like a place you could go inside and drink coffee, so i was slightly more prepared for the remote location, but i still got lost on the way."", ""unfortunately the day i went in, they had run out of regular soy milk, and considering i've been ordering a soy latte from everywhere... that was a bit of a disappointment."", ""they don't have soy milk, so one of the barista's happily suggested 2%."", ""i'm not sure how that's an equivalent option, but (obviously) i didn't go for it."", 'luckily there was someone else there, and he offered me a very awesome tasty latte made with so nice soy creamer (which is a lot thicker than regular soymilk).', 'he warned me it might be too sweet.', 'but no, it was delicious and a great cozy cup of coffee (and now i kind of wish people always made me lattes with that heavy soy creamer...).', 'wandering through their location is a bit like visiting a mini coffee museum.', ""i'd like to go back again and try just a regular coffee from merchants of green coffee or take one of their coffee workshops after i've completed the rest of my indie coffee passport stops.""]",10,82
330,Wind Mobile,"I had a great experience at the Wind store today.

Honestly, the store was a madhouse when I got in. There were over a dozen customers inside and 4-5 customer service agents in the store.

But, I waited only around five minutes to talk to someone, and in a little over 15 minutes I was set up with a new account, with the plan I wanted (at 50% off for 6 months) and a new phone (on WindTab). 

Daniel S was super helpful, gave me all the pertinent info I needed, answered my questions, and hooked me up with a phone number I might actually be able to remember. Everyone working in there seemed friendly and approachable, so that's a plus.

That is what customer service should be like. 

Overall, I was really satisfied with the customer service I recieved, and so far the coverage has not been an issue (for me). I haven't seen ""Wind AWAY"" at all yet. Surprisingly enough, I can use my new phone in places I couldn't use my Rogers phone (like... the elevator in my office building...)","['i had a great experience at the wind store today.', 'honestly, the store was a madhouse when i got in.', 'there were over a dozen customers inside and 4-5 customer service agents in the store.', 'but, i waited only around five minutes to talk to someone, and in a little over 15 minutes i was set up with a new account, with the plan i wanted (at 50% off for 6 months) and a new phone (on windtab).', 'daniel s was super helpful, gave me all the pertinent info i needed, answered my questions, and hooked me up with a phone number i might actually be able to remember.', ""everyone working in there seemed friendly and approachable, so that's a plus."", 'that is what customer service should be like.', 'overall, i was really satisfied with the customer service i recieved, and so far the coverage has not been an issue (for me).', 'i haven\'t seen ""wind away"" at all yet.', ""surprisingly enough, i can use my new phone in places i couldn't use my rogers phone (like... the elevator in my office building...)""]",10,10
331,Proof The Vodka Bar,"Once upon a time we came here for a birthday party. There were around ten of us, and we'd reserved a space.

Music seemed subtle enough, and I liked their selection of drinks and vodkas. Staff was polite and friendly, but it was difficult to actually order as we were left alone for long stretches of time. 

Most drinks were delicious, some were total flops, at least for my palate - if we come back here again, I'll be sure not to feel too experimental.","['once upon a time we came here for a birthday party.', ""there were around ten of us, and we'd reserved a space."", 'music seemed subtle enough, and i liked their selection of drinks and vodkas.', 'staff was polite and friendly, but it was difficult to actually order as we were left alone for long stretches of time.', ""most drinks were delicious, some were total flops, at least for my palate - if we come back here again, i'll be sure not to feel too experimental.""]",5,30
332,Chino Locos,"I guess I'm not excited about this place because for me, it not only has limited options, it doesn't actually have a good option. The ""Juicy Vegan"" is one of the most expensive items on their menu, and when I ordered it, the woman at the counter asked me if I want sour cream or cheese. And I ask... well is it vegan sour cream or cheese? to which she replies ""no it's not included"" (???) 

Dear restaurants, if you have something labelled ""vegan"" on the menu, could you let your staff know what ""vegan"" actually means? Thank you.

We waited about 20 minutes to get our orders. After I picked out the big tasteless spears of tofu out of my not so juicy  ""Juicy Vegan"" it wasn't so bad. I liked the diversity of vegetables, it was an ok size, but I'd probably opt for Big Fat Burrito or Burrito Boyz instead of going to this place again.

My friend ordered the special of the day which was a Korean BBQ burrito and his reaction was equally meh. 

I wanted to like them, because I love burritos and I'm nearly always in the village, but it just didn't happen.","[""i guess i'm not excited about this place because for me, it not only has limited options, it doesn't actually have a good option."", 'the ""juicy vegan"" is one of the most expensive items on their menu, and when i ordered it, the woman at the counter asked me if i want sour cream or cheese.', 'and i ask... well is it vegan sour cream or cheese?', 'to which she replies ""no it\'s not included"" (???)', 'dear restaurants, if you have something labelled ""vegan"" on the menu, could you let your staff know what ""vegan"" actually means?', 'we waited about 20 minutes to get our orders.', 'after i picked out the big tasteless spears of tofu out of my not so juicy  ""juicy vegan"" it wasn\'t so bad.', ""i liked the diversity of vegetables, it was an ok size, but i'd probably opt for big fat burrito or burrito boyz instead of going to this place again."", 'my friend ordered the special of the day which was a korean bbq burrito and his reaction was equally meh.', ""i wanted to like them, because i love burritos and i'm nearly always in the village, but it just didn't happen.""]",11,34
333,Crema Coffee,"Like the Crema Coffee Co. on Bloor, the soy latte I ordered from here was delicious. Though if you're expecting coffee art, you might not get it. I certainly didn't, but luckily that doesn't really matter much to me.

They baristas are friendly, helpful, and competent, and when I bought an Indie Coffee Passport here, one of them had a few suggestions for other places on the list to visit (which was extremely helpful, and I'm looking forward to taking advantage of her coffee wisdom.)

There are adequate outlets (well... okay there are six, and I got one, so for me, that's adequate)  for us computer folks, fast free wifi and places to sit. I noticed one gluten free/vegan option in the collection of sweet baked goods at the counter, hopefully they improve the selection on that front. Though people looking for gluten free or vegan baked yumminess with their coffee can just cross the street like I did, and grab something from Bunner's Bake Shop. 

My only complaint is that they normally charge extra for soy milk, but I avoided that issue by using the indie coffee passport.","['like the crema coffee co. on bloor, the soy latte i ordered from here was delicious.', ""though if you're expecting coffee art, you might not get it."", ""i certainly didn't, but luckily that doesn't really matter much to me."", ""they baristas are friendly, helpful, and competent, and when i bought an indie coffee passport here, one of them had a few suggestions for other places on the list to visit (which was extremely helpful, and i'm looking forward to taking advantage of her coffee wisdom.)"", ""there are adequate outlets (well... okay there are six, and i got one, so for me, that's adequate)  for us computer folks, fast free wifi and places to sit."", 'i noticed one gluten free/vegan option in the collection of sweet baked goods at the counter, hopefully they improve the selection on that front.', ""though people looking for gluten free or vegan baked yumminess with their coffee can just cross the street like i did, and grab something from bunner's bake shop."", 'my only complaint is that they normally charge extra for soy milk, but i avoided that issue by using the indie coffee passport.']",8,87
334,King's Caf,"I finally went to King's Cafe after it was recommended to me by a lot of other people.

I had sampled some of their very delicious appetizers at the Vegetarian Food Fair last month, so I was excited to try an entree. Well... I had the Soy Fritters with Curry Rice, and I don't know if it was just the wrong dish to order or what, but I didn't think it was very good. Fried tofu gluten fritters with carrots, potatoes, beans and cauliflower sounded so yummy but it wasn't.

The only thing I really enjoyed the flavour of was the potatoes, because they seemed to have taken on the most of the curry flavour, the veggies and soy/gluten stuff weren't very flavourful. I needed some hot sauce for sure.

At least it was on the Special Order menu so it was only 5.99, some of the other items were 10-13.

They also wouldn't let me plug in my laptop and were generally kindof rude. so, eh. Not very enthused.","[""i finally went to king's cafe after it was recommended to me by a lot of other people."", 'i had sampled some of their very delicious appetizers at the vegetarian food fair last month, so i was excited to try an entree.', ""well... i had the soy fritters with curry rice, and i don't know if it was just the wrong dish to order or what, but i didn't think it was very good."", ""fried tofu gluten fritters with carrots, potatoes, beans and cauliflower sounded so yummy but it wasn't."", ""the only thing i really enjoyed the flavour of was the potatoes, because they seemed to have taken on the most of the curry flavour, the veggies and soy/gluten stuff weren't very flavourful."", 'i needed some hot sauce for sure.', ""at least it was on the special order menu so it was only 5.99, some of the other items were 10-13.  they also wouldn't let me plug in my laptop and were generally kindof rude."", 'so, eh.', 'not very enthused.']",9,126
335,Boreal Gelato Caf,"You know, it's been two years since my first review of this place, and often, places start strong and then fizzle a little, sometimes I expect that quality will go down, or the atmosphere might change. Not this place.

I straight up love Boreal Gelato. They have vegan-friendly gelato in interesting flavours, today they had chocolate, salted caramel, and coconut. Fruit based  sorbettos are great and all, but these were extra exceptional, creamy, rich, and just all around delicious. 

I know flavours rotate, but I haven't yet tried any flavour of their non-dairy gelatos that wasn't tasty.

There is ample seating, inside and a little area outside to sit on, service was quick and friendly, 

Go there.","[""you know, it's been two years since my first review of this place, and often, places start strong and then fizzle a little, sometimes i expect that quality will go down, or the atmosphere might change."", 'not this place.', 'i straight up love boreal gelato.', 'they have vegan-friendly gelato in interesting flavours, today they had chocolate, salted caramel, and coconut.', 'fruit based  sorbettos are great and all, but these were extra exceptional, creamy, rich, and just all around delicious.', ""i know flavours rotate, but i haven't yet tried any flavour of their non-dairy gelatos that wasn't tasty."", 'there is ample seating, inside and a little area outside to sit on, service was quick and friendly,   go there.']",7,47
336,The Depanneur,"I've been going to the Depanneur nearly once a week for a few months. They have a casual atmosphere, and are generally a good venue to find local food stuffs. Corner store by day, dinner establishment by (some) nights, it's really a great space.

The drop-in dinners are usually why we end up there once a week (or more) whenever they have a vegan one (which is on the regular.) It's always something different, but it has been consistently delicious. The chef stylings of Len (who I think is the owner) cooking something up every Tuesday, Emily Z, or Kalmplex (and many others) make this place just a total hidden gem (that I kind of don't want to tell anyone about, because I want to keep it to myself.)

As people have mentioned, sign up for the newsletter on their website (or connect with them on facebook/twitter) to keep up with the events they have going on, there is always something for everyone. 

The house made sodas are totally delicious (elderberry, blackcurrent, maple lemonade, just to name a few), they also have coffee/tea, apple cider, and soy milks. 

Packaged foods include local mushrooms, jams and jellies, ketchup made in house, and freshly baked buns and breads (often with gluten-free options as well), soups, milks, yogurts, and other small business produced products.

There is WiFi, there is table space, and the service is always friendly. It's like a home cooked meal in the best possible way.

Things to know: CASH ONLY (there is an ATM available at the convenience store across the street)","[""i've been going to the depanneur nearly once a week for a few months."", 'they have a casual atmosphere, and are generally a good venue to find local food stuffs.', ""corner store by day, dinner establishment by (some) nights, it's really a great space."", 'the drop-in dinners are usually why we end up there once a week (or more) whenever they have a vegan one (which is on the regular.)', ""it's always something different, but it has been consistently delicious."", 'the house made sodas are totally delicious (elderberry, blackcurrent, maple lemonade, just to name a few), they also have coffee/tea, apple cider, and soy milks.', 'packaged foods include local mushrooms, jams and jellies, ketchup made in house, and freshly baked buns and breads (often with gluten-free options as well), soups, milks, yogurts, and other small business produced products.', 'there is wifi, there is table space, and the service is always friendly.', ""it's like a home cooked meal in the best possible way."", 'things to know: cash only (there is an atm available at the convenience store across the street)']",12,38
337,Adam & Eve Chocolatier,"I love this little place off Church.

This place has  three varieties of sorbetto that are vegan and DELICIOUS. I love getting a scoop of mango and a scoop of the lemon (the lemon is amazing.) Sure variety is limited, but what they do have is fantastic.

The service has been consistently friendly every-time (and there have been many times) I've gone in with friends. The interior looks great, and it's nice to be able to sit out on the patio if it's decent out.

Plus they have a beautiful selection of chocolate (That I've never tried, but it looks great.)","['i love this little place off church.', 'this place has  three varieties of sorbetto that are vegan and delicious.', 'i love getting a scoop of mango and a scoop of the lemon (the lemon is amazing.)', 'sure variety is limited, but what they do have is fantastic.', ""the service has been consistently friendly every-time (and there have been many times) i've gone in with friends."", ""the interior looks great, and it's nice to be able to sit out on the patio if it's decent out."", ""plus they have a beautiful selection of chocolate (that i've never tried, but it looks great.)""]",7,9
338,Htel le Germain Montral,"I loved this hotel. High ceilings, and a spacious, stylish room. I kept telling my partner... I like this... I like this... and then this.

Clean lines, hyper modern rooms with a split shower, where, if an interested party wanted to voyeristically watch you bathe, they could do so, while laying on a very comfortable bed. And if you aren't so keen on goose down, they have alternate bedding available upon request.

The service was stellar. More towels? 5 minutes you're swimming in towels. You want a ride to the train? Here is our fancy Audi we'll take you over. You want free wifi? Here you go. You want to come back to a room with a bottle of ice wine, soft music and lit up by little floating candles? No problem.

The included ""continental breakfast"" wasn't bad either. Not the vegan friendliest of places obviously, but they had fruit, coffee jams, peanut butter, and DIY toast your own bread station. They have almond milk sometimes,  but not during the time we were there, but I appreciated that the server tried to hunt some down for me.

I loved all the little details.  I also loved how close it was to the Metro and bixi stands, art galleries, and copious amounts of patios.","['i loved this hotel.', 'high ceilings, and a spacious, stylish room.', 'i kept telling my partner... i like this... i like this... and then this.', 'they have almond milk sometimes,  but not during the time we were there, but i appreciated that the server tried to hunt some down for me.', 'i loved all the little details.', 'i also loved how close it was to the metro and bixi stands, art galleries, and copious amounts of patios.']",19,23
339,Mascot,"I had a terrible latte here. Bitter, weak foam, and unexciting. Maybe it was a bad day to go in, since I walked in on Boxing Day, and it was one of the only open cafes. I might give it a do over after I'm done with the rest of my Indie Coffee Passport stops, but I'm not in any rush.

I enjoyed the space itself though, that wide open emptiness. My table was covered in magazines (so if you don't bring reading material, you're more than covered), they have wifi and I read and finished a book without interruption (it's quiet). I'd probably go back eventually, buy a coffee I might not even like, solely to hang around. Maybe that's why there isn't much seating, there is a certain dark homey comfort to this place I can't quite put my finger on, but I like it.

While I'm happy they offer soy AND almond milk, I don't like that they charge extra for it.","['i had a terrible latte here.', 'bitter, weak foam, and unexciting.', 'maybe it was a bad day to go in, since i walked in on boxing day, and it was one of the only open cafes.', ""i might give it a do over after i'm done with the rest of my indie coffee passport stops, but i'm not in any rush."", 'i enjoyed the space itself though, that wide open emptiness.', ""my table was covered in magazines (so if you don't bring reading material, you're more than covered), they have wifi and i read and finished a book without interruption (it's quiet)."", ""i'd probably go back eventually, buy a coffee i might not even like, solely to hang around."", ""maybe that's why there isn't much seating, there is a certain dark homey comfort to this place i can't quite put my finger on, but i like it."", ""while i'm happy they offer soy and almond milk, i don't like that they charge extra for it.""]",9,31
340,Float Toronto,"I went for my first ever float yesterday evening and I really liked it. Staff at Float were super friendly and helpful, and offered me a nice peach tea while I waited for my turn to go in. It was very relaxing.

I've been getting a few questions about the process so I figured it would be helpful to have some idea of what happens when you walk in.

So this is what happens when you walk in.

I had already paid and made my appointment online, so I just walked in around 15 minutes before my appointment. I signed a release form, drank some tea, and waited until my turn came. A friendly member of the staff showed me to the room I would be using, explained a bit about the tank, and some advice on ear plugs, then he left me alone to do my thing. 

The doors lock, so you have some privacy.

I had the last float of the night, so it was 2 hours long, but standard floats during the day are around 1 hour.  They have 5 rooms, each with flotation tanks in them, and it's easy to make an appointment online, which was a major plus.

Each room has a shower, a bench, and a flotation tank, and a robe. Towels & ear plugs are also provided. They have scent pre-float shampoo & body wash you can use to get ready before going into the tank, and a more scented post-float shampoo and conditioner.

The flotation tank has about 10 inches of water, and a whole bunch of dissolved salts (for max float potential), so it's easy to get into the tank, sit on the bottom, close the door, lay in the water, and then open it again, or whatever you feel comfortable with. 

At first I was a little anxious about getting lost into the abyss of the tank, and it just seemed to get darker, but as I found out, it's easy to find the door handle in the dark, and easy to open it whenever you need to. So after realizing it wasn't a big deal, and that I could open the door anytime, I closed the door, and floated away 2 hours without realizing it.

When your time is up, there is music that comes on, and gets progressively louder to gently wake you or get you out of your relaxed state.

There is no right way to do it, but I had a great time just floating around with my eyes open, enjoying the feeling of gravity mostly disappear, and also got some really good stretching in as well. Just be careful with the salt water, as you might expect, if you get it in your eyes - it stings! (but there is a towel with a water bottle near the tank door if you need to rinse)

There was only a brief moment in the beginning of my float when I heard a siren from the street, otherwise, I didn't notice any street noise at all, and considering what I saw when I left Float last night, that's really impressive (lots of police activity, another ambulance that I hadn't heard). I'm usually pretty sensitive to sound, so mostly for me it was nice to have some near-total quiet and no vibrations other than the sound of my heartbeat for a couple of hours.

I think they've got a great set up, and I didn't find their prices high (especially when compared with some other float places I've seen in the past) and they've got a variety of options to choose from on their website. 

The one thing that is worth mentioning, is that after floating and being relaxed and blissed out, walking out onto Queen Street at 1 am on a Friday night can be kind of shocking (not like this is a surprise of course, it's loud, and busy). I know I'd like to try and do a late night 2 hour float during the week next time. Otherwise, I had a really great time.","['i went for my first ever float yesterday evening and i really liked it.', 'staff at float were super friendly and helpful, and offered me a nice peach tea while i waited for my turn to go in.', 'it was very relaxing.', ""the one thing that is worth mentioning, is that after floating and being relaxed and blissed out, walking out onto queen street at 1 am on a friday night can be kind of shocking (not like this is a surprise of course, it's loud, and busy)."", ""i know i'd like to try and do a late night 2 hour float during the week next time."", 'otherwise, i had a really great time.']",26,34
341,Caf 260,"Another one of those lovely places that I'd probably have missed if it were 
not for the Indie Coffee Passport.

First thing Saturday morning, I went over there to meet up with Nicole H. for a minicoffee crawl.

I got there way too early, but the moment I walked in, I instantly felt comfortable and welcome. It's the kind of place I could see myself visiting everyday for a coffee. Very friendly atmosphere, the lighting was great, and there was ample seating (but of course,  it was 10am on a Saturday morning). It was obvious this was a local spot, people coming in and out, chatting with Bob (the owner) like he was an old friend. 

I ordered my usual large soy latte. It was so good. Thick, with a cute three dimensional heart made of crema. And I just loved the cup. I commented on it in my head and then again to Nicole H when she got there. It was the perfect size and shape to hold with both of my hands. Also, I was very happy to see they don't charge extra for soy milk!

Other things that are great: 
- They have free wifi (when I went in, the password was on the chalkboard at the front)  
- There is definitely an outlet at the back corner. I didn't look anywhere else, but there is at least one!
- There are vegan snacks, soups, sandwiches in addition to several nonvegan options.

Complaints: 
- None really. It's a bit out of the way for me, but I would go back anyway.","[""another one of those lovely places that i'd probably have missed if it were  not for the indie coffee passport."", 'first thing saturday morning, i went over there to meet up with nicole h. for a minicoffee crawl.', 'i got there way too early, but the moment i walked in, i instantly felt comfortable and welcome.', '- there are vegan snacks, soups, sandwiches in addition to several nonvegan options.', 'complaints:  - none really.', ""it's a bit out of the way for me, but i would go back anyway.""]",18,35
342,Scotiabank Theatre,"We went and saw a movie here on Telus Tuesday, where we got a discounted movie ticket, and a free popcorn and a drink. The combo ticket was cheaper than buying a regular ticket. Can't go wrong with that. Avoiding the massive price of snacks is always nice.

It's close to the Osgoode Subway station, I loved the copious self-serve machines,  and the seats were comfy. 

What is with the bathrooms though? First of all, they were kind of hard to find, and secondly, for a big theater there aren't very many stalls. I'm glad I went on a Tuesday in the middle of a movie, because I can't imagine what that looks like on a Friday or Saturday.","['we went and saw a movie here on telus tuesday, where we got a discounted movie ticket, and a free popcorn and a drink.', 'the combo ticket was cheaper than buying a regular ticket.', ""can't go wrong with that."", 'avoiding the massive price of snacks is always nice.', ""it's close to the osgoode subway station, i loved the copious self-serve machines,  and the seats were comfy."", 'what is with the bathrooms though?', ""first of all, they were kind of hard to find, and secondly, for a big theater there aren't very many stalls."", ""i'm glad i went on a tuesday in the middle of a movie, because i can't imagine what that looks like on a friday or saturday.""]",8,140
343,Rawlicious,"Working in the Yorkville area, I've come here regularly for lunch. I love the location and the interior. It's a nice break from the everyday, and it's automatically relaxing. Calm, ignorable, music fills the restaurant, interspersed with the occasional loud whirring of a blender.

I like that there is always a bottle of water on the table, because I end up getting a couple litres of my H2O intake for the day while I'm there.

I've ordered a bunch of different things, but the Pad Thai was easily (and most expensively)  my favourite. Nice filling serving, with a fresh rich flavour.

The nacho plate is pretty delicious too, but as some other reviewers have mentioned, don't expect a giant nacho plate portion here. It's not huge, but paired with a meal it's a nice snack.

Smoothies are always thinner than I expect them to be (and after ordering it several times you'd think I'd be used to it by now, but I'm not) so that's something to be aware of and set less thick mouthfeel expectations. 

Overall I like it here. I do find it feels expensive, especially since there is no guarantee of organic ingredients, but service is always good and not intrusive.

p.s. Get a macaroon (or three) they're delicious.","[""working in the yorkville area, i've come here regularly for lunch."", 'i love the location and the interior.', ""it's a nice break from the everyday, and it's automatically relaxing."", 'calm, ignorable, music fills the restaurant, interspersed with the occasional loud whirring of a blender.', ""i like that there is always a bottle of water on the table, because i end up getting a couple litres of my h2o intake for the day while i'm there."", ""smoothies are always thinner than i expect them to be (and after ordering it several times you'd think i'd be used to it by now, but i'm not) so that's something to be aware of and set less thick mouthfeel expectations."", 'overall i like it here.', 'i do find it feels expensive, especially since there is no guarantee of organic ingredients, but service is always good and not intrusive.', 'p.s.', ""get a macaroon (or three) they're delicious.""]",14,60
344,Dark Horse Espresso,"I went to here the other day. It had a lot of places to sit (most of which were occupied), free wifi, but no power outlets that I could find.

The latte I had was beautiful, but not super exciting flavourwise. I've been spoiled entirely by the Sam James Espresso Bar. The one from here, was probably the second best one I've had in the city so far though.

It seems like the perfect place for both hanging out (there are cozy spaces behind the coffee bar) and group work (they have giant tables by the windows) and it's a great location (close to Kensiginton Market.) 

They do charge extra for soy milk, and it was the second most expensive latte I've had, but I loved the space and would definitely go there again. Of the food items they had available, I saw a couple vegan cookies from Sweets From the Earth which was nice.","['i went to here the other day.', 'it had a lot of places to sit (most of which were occupied), free wifi, but no power outlets that i could find.', 'the latte i had was beautiful, but not super exciting flavourwise.', ""i've been spoiled entirely by the sam james espresso bar."", ""the one from here, was probably the second best one i've had in the city so far though."", ""it seems like the perfect place for both hanging out (there are cozy spaces behind the coffee bar) and group work (they have giant tables by the windows) and it's a great location (close to kensiginton market.)"", ""they do charge extra for soy milk, and it was the second most expensive latte i've had, but i loved the space and would definitely go there again."", 'of the food items they had available, i saw a couple vegan cookies from sweets from the earth which was nice.']",8,236
345,Sadie's Diner And Juice Bar,"Tonight after nearly everything in Kensington Market was closed we saw a glowing light out of this new Sadie's Juice Bar location. Yes, it's open and right next to Hot Beans.

We picked up two Tofutti ice cream cones (they had vanilla, vanilla almond bark, and chocolate) and they were of course delicious. Lots of other options available (like drinks, floats, sweets from the earth treats, and soy delicious bars), but I didn't  pay enough attention because I was too excited about stuffing my face full of my vanilla Tofutti cone. (& the person there was kind enough to let us in after closing, and I didn't want to overstay my welcome)

I'm looking forward to visiting them again during the day!","[""tonight after nearly everything in kensington market was closed we saw a glowing light out of this new sadie's juice bar location."", ""yes, it's open and right next to hot beans."", 'we picked up two tofutti ice cream cones (they had vanilla, vanilla almond bark, and chocolate) and they were of course delicious.', ""lots of other options available (like drinks, floats, sweets from the earth treats, and soy delicious bars), but i didn't  pay enough attention because i was too excited about stuffing my face full of my vanilla tofutti cone."", ""(& the person there was kind enough to let us in after closing, and i didn't want to overstay my welcome)  i'm looking forward to visiting them again during the day!""]",5,4
346,Thor Espresso Bar,"I walk by this place on the regular, and through the power of the Indie Coffee Passport, I decided to actually go in and check it out. It was crowded and very white, modernish interior, with an absolutely beautiful espresso machine. Their chairs aren't comfy and the interior was brightly lit with natural light from all the windows, so it's definitely set up as more of a pick up and go place than a sit down for a while place.

They charge extra for soy milk, and did so when it pushed the price over the $4 dollar Indie Coffee Passport limit. The service was indifferent and the soy latte was okay, but wasn't spectacular. 

They don't have any vegan baked items, though I think they had something gluten free while we were there.  Since I have too many options for really fabulous vegan friendly indie coffee shops in the neighbourhood I probably wont return to Thor.","['i walk by this place on the regular, and through the power of the indie coffee passport, i decided to actually go in and check it out.', 'it was crowded and very white, modernish interior, with an absolutely beautiful espresso machine.', ""their chairs aren't comfy and the interior was brightly lit with natural light from all the windows, so it's definitely set up as more of a pick up and go place than a sit down for a while place."", 'they charge extra for soy milk, and did so when it pushed the price over the $4 dollar indie coffee passport limit.', ""the service was indifferent and the soy latte was okay, but wasn't spectacular."", ""they don't have any vegan baked items, though i think they had something gluten free while we were there."", 'since i have too many options for really fabulous vegan friendly indie coffee shops in the neighbourhood i probably wont return to thor.']",7,79
347,Herbal Infusions Tea Co,"I'm really digging this tea shop. I'm not in the area as often as I'd like to be, but when I am, I usually stop in for a cup of tea. It's a tiny space, but houses a nice variety of in house made tea blends. I didn't think the selection was really that small, but I think it's a sign of quality. Kind of like a carefully selected wine list at a restaurant rather than I ""here is every single wine we could buy ever"" list.

Service has been lovely.  The owner is consistently a nice, helpful person, and answers questions about tea and recommends things as needed.

They've got a nice variety of in house made tea blends. But since I'm a creature of habit (at least with tea) I will probably just order an earl grey or a cacao tea probably forever. I like that the cacao is from Chocosol, and that the tea tastes like some kind of chocolate magic, while still being light.

I'm going to have to look into some of their tea mixology classes!","[""i'm really digging this tea shop."", ""i'm not in the area as often as i'd like to be, but when i am, i usually stop in for a cup of tea."", ""it's a tiny space, but houses a nice variety of in house made tea blends."", ""i didn't think the selection was really that small, but i think it's a sign of quality."", 'kind of like a carefully selected wine list at a restaurant rather than i ""here is every single wine we could buy ever"" list.', 'the owner is consistently a nice, helpful person, and answers questions about tea and recommends things as needed.', ""they've got a nice variety of in house made tea blends."", ""but since i'm a creature of habit (at least with tea) i will probably just order an earl grey or a cacao tea probably forever."", 'i like that the cacao is from chocosol, and that the tea tastes like some kind of chocolate magic, while still being light.', ""i'm going to have to look into some of their tea mixology classes!""]",11,10
348,Ravi Soups,"We ended up at Ravi's Soups on Queen Street a few days ago, after a failed attempt to check out E.L. Ruddy (they were closed).

Ravi's Soups had a big group of people waiting for wraps, so that was a nice sign. They had a veggie wrap on the menu, and a vegan soup option. That said, I wasn't excited about this place from the very beginning.  Service was weird and all over the place, there wasn't a line waiting by the time we were at the counter, but he was still frenetic and rushed, but the food didn't come to us for quite a long time, and as with most simple vegetable dishes, I feel like I could have probably just made the wrap at home.

The veggie wrap normally has brie in it, and jut as a heads up, one of the unlisted additions is mayo... so you know if you're vegan, ask for it without, or just skip it and just opt for soup. (or go somewhere else.) The wrap came with a tiny salad, that of course, had ""just a little bit"" of mayo on it, I guess ""a little bit"" of mayo is the same as ""no mayo""? Not quite.

My friend had the wrap and the Porcini Mushroom Soup and loved it. It's based on an onion broth, and has mushrooms, barley, and truffle oil in it, so it's actually vegan. However, soups all come with a cheese biscuit.

This place, like most of Toronto's restaurants, is great for lacto-ovo-vegetarians, but going there made me wish I had gone somewhere else on Queen that was a bit more vegan friendly with more exciting options.","[""we ended up at ravi's soups on queen street a few days ago, after a failed attempt to check out e.l. ruddy (they were closed)."", ""ravi's soups had a big group of people waiting for wraps, so that was a nice sign."", 'they had a veggie wrap on the menu, and a vegan soup option.', ""that said, i wasn't excited about this place from the very beginning."", ""service was weird and all over the place, there wasn't a line waiting by the time we were at the counter, but he was still frenetic and rushed, but the food didn't come to us for quite a long time, and as with most simple vegetable dishes, i feel like i could have probably just made the wrap at home."", 'not quite.', 'my friend had the wrap and the porcini mushroom soup and loved it.', ""it's based on an onion broth, and has mushrooms, barley, and truffle oil in it, so it's actually vegan."", 'however, soups all come with a cheese biscuit.', ""this place, like most of toronto's restaurants, is great for lacto-ovo-vegetarians, but going there made me wish i had gone somewhere else on queen that was a bit more vegan friendly with more exciting options.""]",13,67
349,AGO Bistro,"Before we decided to wander through the AGO yesterday morning, we stopped into Frank for brunch. The server was awkward, stiff and extremely formal (in a way that seemed unnatural), but overall very attentive and helpful, so I wont hold her attempts at trying too hard against her.

Frank has a vegan dish on their brunch menu, the roasted shiitake mushrooms with heirloom squash, which was nice to see. The server suggested a slightly more substantial dish the chef could make for us with braised lentils and eggplant (also with heirloom squash and tat soi salad). It was phenominal.

Beautiful presentation, and absolutely delicious.  But, with phenominal food, comes a phenominal price tag, so that part was an unpleasant surprise.","['before we decided to wander through the ago yesterday morning, we stopped into frank for brunch.', 'the server was awkward, stiff and extremely formal (in a way that seemed unnatural), but overall very attentive and helpful, so i wont hold her attempts at trying too hard against her.', 'frank has a vegan dish on their brunch menu, the roasted shiitake mushrooms with heirloom squash, which was nice to see.', 'the server suggested a slightly more substantial dish the chef could make for us with braised lentils and eggplant (also with heirloom squash and tat soi salad).', 'it was phenominal.', 'beautiful presentation, and absolutely delicious.', 'but, with phenominal food, comes a phenominal price tag, so that part was an unpleasant surprise.']",7,91
350,LEGOLAND Discovery Center,"I'd suggest any of the adults here check out one of Legoland's Adult Nights (which happen on the last Wednesday of every month), where you can enjoy a kid free Legoland. I don't know what it looks like during the regular days, but considering there were kids that didn't want to leave the park today, there must be lots of them. Happy to skip that. 

We booked adult night tickets in advance online, so it was a bit cheaper than getting them at the door, and while it still felt a bit expensive, I did spend around 2 hours running around the park and having fun on rides (there are two of them), playing games, and building cars (and then racing them) with LEGO, and building minihouses with duplo, so overall I had a good time. I also liked the miniatures exhibit of Toronto's downtown and area.

All of the staff was all friendly as well.

The thing is - Legoland is small, and there isn't *that* much to do. We finished with everything quite quickly, and found ourselves wondering what else is there...

It's in Vaughn Mills (a mall), at entrance 4. 
Go on adult night.","[""i'd suggest any of the adults here check out one of legoland's adult nights (which happen on the last wednesday of every month), where you can enjoy a kid free legoland."", ""i don't know what it looks like during the regular days, but considering there were kids that didn't want to leave the park today, there must be lots of them."", 'happy to skip that.', 'we booked adult night tickets in advance online, so it was a bit cheaper than getting them at the door, and while it still felt a bit expensive, i did spend around 2 hours running around the park and having fun on rides (there are two of them), playing games, and building cars (and then racing them) with lego, and building minihouses with duplo, so overall i had a good time.', ""i also liked the miniatures exhibit of toronto's downtown and area."", 'all of the staff was all friendly as well.', ""the thing is - legoland is small, and there isn't *that* much to do."", ""we finished with everything quite quickly, and found ourselves wondering what else is there...  it's in vaughn mills (a mall), at entrance 4.  go on adult night.""]",8,52
351,Good Egg,"I snuck in here when it started to rain and wandered around looking at more Barbapapa stuff than I'd seen even when I was a child, adorable little baby products, cookbooks aplenty and the most beautifully unnecessary (albeit potentially useful) kitchen accoutrements and accessories.

I loved this store. Couldn't help making a little list in my head of all the things I wanted.

One of the folks at the cash was pleasant and even held the door open for me when I was coming in; the other one was pretty much off in her own world. Though this was fine with me, since I just wanted to browse the store in peace, and they didn't seem to care that I had been in there for a considerable amount of time.","[""i snuck in here when it started to rain and wandered around looking at more barbapapa stuff than i'd seen even when i was a child, adorable little baby products, cookbooks aplenty and the most beautifully unnecessary (albeit potentially useful) kitchen accoutrements and accessories."", 'i loved this store.', ""couldn't help making a little list in my head of all the things i wanted."", 'one of the folks at the cash was pleasant and even held the door open for me when i was coming in; the other one was pretty much off in her own world.', ""though this was fine with me, since i just wanted to browse the store in peace, and they didn't seem to care that i had been in there for a considerable amount of time.""]",5,46
352,Sushi Time Japanese Restaurant,"A friend and I some time to kill before seeing a movie at the Scotiabank Theater so we went to Sushi Time and grabbed a bite to eat.

We ordered edamame as an appetizer and a few orders of cucumber and avocado maki. Well, we got our maki first, and it was good. It was a bit on the big side and loosely wrapped, but on the bright side, the avocado and cucumber were fresh. The edamame appeared after we had finished about half of the maki.

The service was friendly and we got our order quickly, but at the end of the meal we waited about ten minutes for a bill. Every moment one of the staff would go by we'd try and wave at them, but they'd come rushing past us. 

Overall it was okay. It's a decent spot to go before a movie, but I probably wouldn't seek it out on at any other time.","['a friend and i some time to kill before seeing a movie at the scotiabank theater so we went to sushi time and grabbed a bite to eat.', 'we ordered edamame as an appetizer and a few orders of cucumber and avocado maki.', 'well, we got our maki first, and it was good.', 'it was a bit on the big side and loosely wrapped, but on the bright side, the avocado and cucumber were fresh.', 'the edamame appeared after we had finished about half of the maki.', 'the service was friendly and we got our order quickly, but at the end of the meal we waited about ten minutes for a bill.', ""every moment one of the staff would go by we'd try and wave at them, but they'd come rushing past us."", 'overall it was okay.', ""it's a decent spot to go before a movie, but i probably wouldn't seek it out on at any other time.""]",9,79
353,GoodLife Fitness,"This gym is great. I'm not sure what issues people have with it, but this was my first experience with GoodLife and overall it was extremely positive.

The staff are friendly and helpful, the trainers were friendly, there are loads of treadmills, elliptical machines, bikes and equipment. Some old, some new. The best part about it, is that it is nearly empty.

I think the biggest selling point for me is that it has great change room facilities and amenities. Unlike the Liberty Village location (that is now my regular location), there isn't a mass veto on scented products, and they have lotions, different shampoos, hair spray, gel, deodorant, etc. There is a hot tub, sauna and steam room, and more than enough showers.

I liked it, now it's just too far out of the way to visit.","['this gym is great.', ""i'm not sure what issues people have with it, but this was my first experience with goodlife and overall it was extremely positive."", 'the staff are friendly and helpful, the trainers were friendly, there are loads of treadmills, elliptical machines, bikes and equipment.', 'some old, some new.', 'the best part about it, is that it is nearly empty.', 'i think the biggest selling point for me is that it has great change room facilities and amenities.', ""unlike the liberty village location (that is now my regular location), there isn't a mass veto on scented products, and they have lotions, different shampoos, hair spray, gel, deodorant, etc."", 'there is a hot tub, sauna and steam room, and more than enough showers.', ""i liked it, now it's just too far out of the way to visit.""]",9,6
354,Fahrenheit Coffee,"I went back here this weekend and had a pretty great time. The staff are friendly, the cafe was busy but the line moved quickly, and our soy lattes were delicious.

I still love this place, and I still wish I was closer to them because I'd drink their coffee more often. Staff are so nice, and seem to like working there and with each other. That makes a huge difference to the whole coffee experience. 

There are no vegan baked goods, but it doesn't matter, because their coffee is good enough to stand alone. (though you know... I wouldn't be sad if there was a vegan cookie or two someday...)","['i went back here this weekend and had a pretty great time.', 'the staff are friendly, the cafe was busy but the line moved quickly, and our soy lattes were delicious.', ""i still love this place, and i still wish i was closer to them because i'd drink their coffee more often."", 'staff are so nice, and seem to like working there and with each other.', 'that makes a huge difference to the whole coffee experience.', ""there are no vegan baked goods, but it doesn't matter, because their coffee is good enough to stand alone."", ""(though you know... i wouldn't be sad if there was a vegan cookie or two someday...)""]",7,286
355,The Fairmont Royal York,"Before I finally moved to Toronto I stayed at the Fairmont Royal York. 

The main lobby was of course beautiful as most Fairmont Hotels are, but the hotel room was tiny. But the bed was comfortable and the room was spotless, and really - I just wanted to have a good nights rest in somewhere a bit fancier than a typical hostel stay.

Things that are great:
- Location location location.
- Products in the bathroom.
- Service was friendly.","['before i finally moved to toronto i stayed at the fairmont royal york.', 'the main lobby was of course beautiful as most fairmont hotels are, but the hotel room was tiny.', 'but the bed was comfortable and the room was spotless, and really - i just wanted to have a good nights rest in somewhere a bit fancier than a typical hostel stay.', 'things that are great: - location location location.', '- products in the bathroom.', '- service was friendly.']",6,198
356,Most Wanted Taco Shop,Good tacos here. Its in North phoenix if you live far it wort it going you won't regret it. I tried there tacos and they are bomb. Highly recommend,"['good tacos here.', ""its in north phoenix if you live far it wort it going you won't regret it."", 'i tried there tacos and they are bomb.', 'highly recommend']",4,576
357,Oasis Raspados,Good place to go grab a dessert! I think is the best  place to get a true Mexican raspado! They are always busy since its a small place but is worth it going,"['good place to go grab a dessert!', 'i think is the best  place to get a true mexican raspado!', 'they are always busy since its a small place but is worth it going']",3,23
358,Phoenix Symphony,First time ever going to an event  to Phoenix Symphony. I got free tickets my a friend I wasn't planing to go but did;t want to wast them. I ended up going and I have no regrets I love it. I high recommend going,"['first time ever going to an event  to phoenix symphony.', ""i got free tickets my a friend i wasn't planing to go but did;t want to wast them."", 'i ended up going and i have no regrets i love it.', 'i high recommend going']",4,54
359,Andys Nails,"I was nervous to try a new place to do my nails, as soon as I walk in they greeted me. The staff were great and polite. I recommend this nail place.","['i was nervous to try a new place to do my nails, as soon as i walk in they greeted me.', 'the staff were great and polite.', 'i recommend this nail place.']",3,27
360,Panaderia Y Tortilleria,"Have you ever tried real fresh Mexican bread, well this is the right place. Its just the corner of my work its in the southern east corner of 32st  and Thomas. I usually go  around 7pm to 8pm that when they have warm bread. They also have fresh food it  might not be cheap but its very good and fresh.","['have you ever tried real fresh mexican bread, well this is the right place.', 'its just the corner of my work its in the southern east corner of 32st  and thomas.', 'i usually go  around 7pm to 8pm that when they have warm bread.', 'they also have fresh food it  might not be cheap but its very good and fresh.']",4,14
361,Pei Wei,"I love the sweet and sour combo the food is fresh and hot. Great place to go each lunch, they are fast and courteously. They are clean and friendly I highly recommend this place.","['i love the sweet and sour combo the food is fresh and hot.', 'great place to go each lunch, they are fast and courteously.', 'they are clean and friendly i highly recommend this place.']",3,153
362,Golden Grid Restaurant,"Top quality food here! We were staying in filey about 10 miles away and spotted this place but was busy so we drove back the next day and we were so glad we did. This has THE BEST fish & chips ever! And a top quality service too! Give yourself a treat and make sure you go, we will the next time we are over that way, thanks the 3 from Morecambe","['top quality food here!', 'we were staying in filey about 10 miles away and spotted this place but was busy so we drove back the next day and we were so glad we did.', 'this has the best fish & chips ever!', 'and a top quality service too!', 'give yourself a treat and make sure you go, we will the next time we are over that way, thanks the 3 from morecambe']",5,4
363,Mon Ami Gabi,"I booked a table here for brunch and it did not disappoint, it was a great experience and more relaxed I feel that the pricy dinner menu would of been, with the same outdoor table overlooking the Bellagio fountains and the Paris hotel. Eggs Benedict for me was fab and some other good options on the menu. 
I told them we were celebrating a birthday and got a chocolate cake with a candle brought out which I was pleased to find was not included on our bill at the end!","['i booked a table here for brunch and it did not disappoint, it was a great experience and more relaxed i feel that the pricy dinner menu would of been, with the same outdoor table overlooking the bellagio fountains and the paris hotel.', 'eggs benedict for me was fab and some other good options on the menu.', 'i told them we were celebrating a birthday and got a chocolate cake with a candle brought out which i was pleased to find was not included on our bill at the end!']",3,7968
364,Viva Chicken,"What a great find for a quick lunch. The place was packed on a Monday afternoon,  but barely any wait even though there was a line. The roti chicken was delicious, along with the crispy yucca fries and a side of sweet plantains. Be sure to try all the pepper sauces the are all very flavorful and really complement the dishes nicely!","['what a great find for a quick lunch.', 'the place was packed on a monday afternoon,  but barely any wait even though there was a line.', 'the roti chicken was delicious, along with the crispy yucca fries and a side of sweet plantains.', 'be sure to try all the pepper sauces the are all very flavorful and really complement the dishes nicely!']",4,824
365,Redendo's Pizzeria Ristorante,Average food - had the worst service last night from a young man.  We were the only table in the restaurant at 8:15 - our server was rushing us out,"['average food - had the worst service last night from a young man.', 'we were the only table in the restaurant at 8:15 - our server was rushing us out']",2,58
366,Benihana,I had a 7:30 reservation on a Monday night.  I did not get seated until 8:15.  At 9:00 no chef had come to cook for us. I had already complained to the manager once and he did nothing. Finally my family had to leave as we had hungry young children.  I am so disappointed and will never go here again.,"['i had a 7:30 reservation on a monday night.', 'i did not get seated until 8:15.  at 9:00 no chef had come to cook for us.', 'i had already complained to the manager once and he did nothing.', 'finally my family had to leave as we had hungry young children.', 'i am so disappointed and will never go here again.']",5,296
367,The Cheesecake Factory,I love Cheesecake Factory period but The District location is my ultimate fave in Vegas.,['i love cheesecake factory period but the district location is my ultimate fave in vegas.'],1,596
368,TGI Fridays,"I love TGIF ever since but I never wrote a review.  The food is good, the dessert is not to miss and their happy hour on drinks is cherry on top.  This one inside The Orleans is great place to dine after or before going to the movies or bowling (or to gamble for the gamblers).","['i love tgif ever since but i never wrote a review.', 'the food is good, the dessert is not to miss and their happy hour on drinks is cherry on top.', 'this one inside the orleans is great place to dine after or before going to the movies or bowling (or to gamble for the gamblers).']",3,233
369,Garduno's of Mexico,Could be the best Mexican cuisine I've ever had in Vegas?! Coconut margarita is liquid nirvana.,"[""could be the best mexican cuisine i've ever had in vegas?!"", 'coconut margarita is liquid nirvana.']",2,57
370,Yogurtland,"I love froyo and Yogurtland makes it a dream come true.
This is my fave venue since the ambiance is cozy and relaxing due to plenty of tables and chairs to unwind unlike the one in Town Square.  
Service is definitely friendly and warm.

Overall ~ I am a big fan!!","['i love froyo and yogurtland makes it a dream come true.', 'this is my fave venue since the ambiance is cozy and relaxing due to plenty of tables and chairs to unwind unlike the one in town square.', 'service is definitely friendly and warm.', 'overall ~ i am a big fan!', '!']",5,128
371,Portrait Innovations,My experience with Portrait Innovation was great!  The prices are stiff but the photographer took her time with the shoot and was patient with my baby boy.  We will come back for a family holiday photo this year and I will make sure to use their coupon (I didn't the last time and paid $180 ~ yikes!).  This place is much better than JCPenney on Grand Canyon.,"['my experience with portrait innovation was great!', 'the prices are stiff but the photographer took her time with the shoot and was patient with my baby boy.', ""we will come back for a family holiday photo this year and i will make sure to use their coupon (i didn't the last time and paid $180 ~ yikes!)."", 'this place is much better than jcpenney on grand canyon.']",4,44
372,Panna Thai Restaurant,"Thai food is just delicious but Panna Thai makes it irresistible.  
Food is scrumptious with good portions.  
Ambiance is very private, mellow yet warm & friendly.  
Prices are very reasonable (almost like Thai BBQ).

Overall ~ will be coming back for more!","['thai food is just delicious but panna thai makes it irresistible.', 'food is scrumptious with good portions.', 'ambiance is very private, mellow yet warm & friendly.', 'prices are very reasonable (almost like thai bbq).', 'overall ~ will be coming back for more!']",5,495
373,Diamond Bakery,The only place where I get yummy red bean or green sesame balls.  Also their steamed pork buns are my favorite.  This is where I order birthday cakes - mocha cake with coconut filling is a must-have!,"['the only place where i get yummy red bean or green sesame balls.', 'also their steamed pork buns are my favorite.', 'this is where i order birthday cakes - mocha cake with coconut filling is a must-have!']",3,139
374,Pin Kaow Thai,"The food is absolutely delicious.  The price is a little higher than other good Thai restaurants however you really get every penny's worth, plus the ambiance really takes you to Thailand unlike other restaurant.  You must try and I will definitely come back!","['the food is absolutely delicious.', ""the price is a little higher than other good thai restaurants however you really get every penny's worth, plus the ambiance really takes you to thailand unlike other restaurant."", 'you must try and i will definitely come back!']",3,275
375,Islands Restaurant,"I'm not a burger-fries-shake kind of person, however, Islands have delicious burgers and thick shakes.  I would recommend this place.","[""i'm not a burger-fries-shake kind of person, however, islands have delicious burgers and thick shakes."", 'i would recommend this place.']",2,267
376,Firefly,"One of my favorite hang-out spots in Vegas!  My friends and I been loungin' at Firefly since 2005 and I have nothing but praises to say.  Sangria and Mojitos are smooth plus their calamari and paella are delicious.  As I said, I have nothing but praises!!","['one of my favorite hang-out spots in vegas!', ""my friends and i been loungin' at firefly since 2005 and i have nothing but praises to say."", 'sangria and mojitos are smooth plus their calamari and paella are delicious.', 'as i said, i have nothing but praises!', '!']",5,1306
377,Mr. Sandwich,They have good Vietnamese sandwiches and refreshing Thai Tea with boba.  The service is good but you must remind the cashier if you want to redeem any specials they have for she won't automatically do it for you.,"['they have good vietnamese sandwiches and refreshing thai tea with boba.', ""the service is good but you must remind the cashier if you want to redeem any specials they have for she won't automatically do it for you.""]",2,181
378,Monta Chaya,"My first time and there was no wait, so plus. Wait staff are friendly & accommodating; the menu is simple and easy to read; price is reasonable less than $10 for a regular size bowl of ramen. i would come back here.","['my first time and there was no wait, so plus.', 'wait staff are friendly & accommodating; the menu is simple and easy to read; price is reasonable less than $10 for a regular size bowl of ramen.', 'i would come back here.']",3,541
379,PERFECTO @ the Rain Nightclub,DJ Paul Oakenfold brought back life to Vegas nightclub scene.  I love Rain but Oakenfold makes all the reason why I keep coming back.  Atmosphere is out-of-this-world with neon lights and glass mezzanine plus add lovely ladies in their pyrotechnics rope dance moves.  Definitely Vegas!,"['dj paul oakenfold brought back life to vegas nightclub scene.', 'i love rain but oakenfold makes all the reason why i keep coming back.', 'atmosphere is out-of-this-world with neon lights and glass mezzanine plus add lovely ladies in their pyrotechnics rope dance moves.', 'definitely vegas!']",4,37
380,Canonita,Chicken tacos are delish especially their guacamole ~ not so pricey even if it's inside The Venetian.,"[""chicken tacos are delish especially their guacamole ~ not so pricey even if it's inside the venetian.""]",1,772
381,Island Sushi & Grill,"My friends and I were here in June and they were packed ~ the table wait time was 5 minutes.  Our server was friendly and knowledgable, food is good but it's the dessert that I enjoyed the most.  Price range is very affordable for the food and service that they deliver.  Must place to see!","['my friends and i were here in june and they were packed ~ the table wait time was 5 minutes.', ""our server was friendly and knowledgable, food is good but it's the dessert that i enjoyed the most."", 'price range is very affordable for the food and service that they deliver.', 'must place to see!']",4,957
382,Bamboo Bistro,My old boss took us out for lunch and we went to Bamboo Bistro.  The ambiance is clean and casual.  The food is delicious however they have a triple-layer dessert that just didn't hit the spot.  Overall it was a pleasant dining experience.,"['my old boss took us out for lunch and we went to bamboo bistro.', 'the ambiance is clean and casual.', ""the food is delicious however they have a triple-layer dessert that just didn't hit the spot."", 'overall it was a pleasant dining experience.']",4,112
383,Grand Lux Cafe,Grand Lux is the higher end scale of Cheesecake Factory.  Their menus are quiet similar yet very different.  I love all their food especially the chicken flautas and strawberry lemonade topped with creme brulee' dessert.  The only downfall is that it's inside The Venetian resort and I'm not a fan of the strip on my days off. XD,"['grand lux is the higher end scale of cheesecake factory.', 'their menus are quiet similar yet very different.', ""i love all their food especially the chicken flautas and strawberry lemonade topped with creme brulee' dessert."", ""the only downfall is that it's inside the venetian resort and i'm not a fan of the strip on my days off."", 'xd']",5,2670
384,Archi's Thai Bistro,"My younger sister suggested Archi's for lunch and I enjoyed the place, however I prefer Thai BBQ better.  Archi's ambiance is pretty, service is good but food is not the most delicious.  Overall experience is fair.","[""my younger sister suggested archi's for lunch and i enjoyed the place, however i prefer thai bbq better."", ""archi's ambiance is pretty, service is good but food is not the most delicious."", 'overall experience is fair.']",3,733
385,Sunville Bakery,"My fave asian bakery in Vegas! Quaint and friendly, good selection of breads, pastries and cakes.  One can never go wrong.","['my fave asian bakery in vegas!', 'quaint and friendly, good selection of breads, pastries and cakes.', 'one can never go wrong.']",3,103
386,Easy Life Boba Tea,"My new discovery and new place for boba tea.  I tried their mango fluffy snow with mocha, bananas and condensed milk ~ it was yummy! But I will go with red and mango toppings next time.","['my new discovery and new place for boba tea.', 'i tried their mango fluffy snow with mocha, bananas and condensed milk ~ it was yummy!', 'but i will go with red and mango toppings next time.']",3,351
387,Zizzy,"It's been a couple years since the last time I was at Zizzy, but as I recall I had a great experience.  Drinks are fantastic, service is fast and the private karaoke room was pretty cool.  I'll be here again for my friend's birthday this Saturday ~ we'll see if things got better!","[""it's been a couple years since the last time i was at zizzy, but as i recall i had a great experience."", 'drinks are fantastic, service is fast and the private karaoke room was pretty cool.', ""i'll be here again for my friend's birthday this saturday ~ we'll see if things got better!""]",3,47
388,I Love Sushi,"Definitely my fave sushi restaurant in Henderson.  Ambiance is relaxed and friendly, service is efficient, price range is reasonable, sushi is delicious.","['definitely my fave sushi restaurant in henderson.', 'ambiance is relaxed and friendly, service is efficient, price range is reasonable, sushi is delicious.']",2,904
389,Rise & Shine - A Steak & Egg Place,"Food is delicious, price is kinda high for breakfast place but the service is excellent & the ambiance gives an uplifting mood.","['food is delicious, price is kinda high for breakfast place but the service is excellent & the ambiance gives an uplifting mood.']",1,1328
390,Sesame House,"My family and I call this ""Sunday's Best"" because we're almost here after church enjoying refreshing all-natural boba tea.  Red bean, Taro Fresh, Lychee and Coconut and Durian flavors are my fave.","['my family and i call this ""sunday\'s best"" because we\'re almost here after church enjoying refreshing all-natural boba tea.', 'red bean, taro fresh, lychee and coconut and durian flavors are my fave.']",2,5
391,Famous Dave's Barbeque - Las Vegas,"This location is the only one I've been to and I would recommend it.  I usually come for dinner and I would say there's about 10 - 15 minute wait on weekends but the staff is friendly and courteous, the food is good and prices are reasonable.","[""this location is the only one i've been to and i would recommend it."", ""i usually come for dinner and i would say there's about 10 - 15 minute wait on weekends but the staff is friendly and courteous, the food is good and prices are reasonable.""]",2,270
392,Bahama Breeze,"BEST happy hour in Vegas!! $3 for a pint of blue moon (and they have a selection of beer) $5 martini (totally delicious) and their appetizers like Jamaican jerk chicken, empanadas and burger sliders are around $5 as well.  A definite must-try if you've never been!","['best happy hour in vegas!!', '$3 for a pint of blue moon (and they have a selection of beer) $5 martini (totally delicious) and their appetizers like jamaican jerk chicken, empanadas and burger sliders are around $5 as well.', ""a definite must-try if you've never been!""]",3,784
393,Thai BBQ,"One of my favorite lunch spot whenever I'm craving for some Thai Iced Tea and Thai BBQ chicken.  Restaurant size is quaint but staff is friendly, price is cheap, and food is scrumptious.  Highly recommended for casual lunch!","[""one of my favorite lunch spot whenever i'm craving for some thai iced tea and thai bbq chicken."", 'restaurant size is quaint but staff is friendly, price is cheap, and food is scrumptious.', 'highly recommended for casual lunch!']",3,192
394,Go!ku,"Awesome and very delicious ramen!!! I have eaten here with my family 4 times now, and we all love it (children alike).
They have a great lunch special (11am-3pm cut-off time 2:30pm) for $12.99 you get ramen of your choice, 1 chasu, choice of karaage (fried chicken)-fried rice or 5pc gyoza and 1 lemon sorbet. A really great deal! 
They also have a stamp card if you fall in love with their ramen and decide to eat there more than once. 
Overall one of my new fave ramen place here in Vegas.","['awesome and very delicious ramen!!!', 'i have eaten here with my family 4 times now, and we all love it (children alike).', 'they have a great lunch special (11am-3pm cut-off time 2:30pm) for $12.99 you get ramen of your choice, 1 chasu, choice of karaage (fried chicken)-fried rice or 5pc gyoza and 1 lemon sorbet.', 'a really great deal!', 'they also have a stamp card if you fall in love with their ramen and decide to eat there more than once.', 'overall one of my new fave ramen place here in vegas.']",6,347
395,Feast Buffet,I love this place!  The food is good and such a great selection unlike other buffet. This is my first choice buffet off-strip.,"['i love this place!', 'the food is good and such a great selection unlike other buffet.', 'this is my first choice buffet off-strip.']",3,628
396,Beaut Point Hair Studio,"My first time to get my hair cut and I am pleased on how it turned out to be.  Kevin was my hairstylist and he showed me a picture of famous layers and he recommended for some layered side-swooping bangs, at first I was skeptical since I haven't had bangs for a year.  However after the cut was done I decided to get my bangs.  Kevin was very nice about it and did a pretty good job.","['my first time to get my hair cut and i am pleased on how it turned out to be.', ""kevin was my hairstylist and he showed me a picture of famous layers and he recommended for some layered side-swooping bangs, at first i was skeptical since i haven't had bangs for a year."", 'however after the cut was done i decided to get my bangs.', 'kevin was very nice about it and did a pretty good job.']",4,28
397,Tea Station,"I love this place. 
My girls and I are always here.  Taro balls, snow white snow ice and tea-flavored spiced pork chop are my favorites.","['i love this place.', 'my girls and i are always here.', 'taro balls, snow white snow ice and tea-flavored spiced pork chop are my favorites.']",3,724
398,Jollibee,One of my fave Filipino fast food restaurants here in Vegas.,['one of my fave filipino fast food restaurants here in vegas.'],1,193
399,Cafe Noodle & Chinese Barbeque,"My girlfriend and I love Chinese food specially lunch specials.  Cafe Noodle does have the best lunch specials.  Price is cheap and food is delicious but like any other Chinese restaurant, customer service is a little off.","['my girlfriend and i love chinese food specially lunch specials.', 'cafe noodle does have the best lunch specials.', 'price is cheap and food is delicious but like any other chinese restaurant, customer service is a little off.']",3,237
400,Yolie's Brazilian Steak House,"My first time to try Brazilian Steakhouse a couple years ago and I went to dine at Yolie's.  Atmosphere is serene and romantic, salad bar is not as articulate as Texas de Brazil, however the food is just the same ~ great steaks, friendly gauchos but not as friendly as TdB's gauchos, price range is reasonable (shelled out $35 for dinner of 1).  I would recommend this place.","[""my first time to try brazilian steakhouse a couple years ago and i went to dine at yolie's."", ""atmosphere is serene and romantic, salad bar is not as articulate as texas de brazil, however the food is just the same ~ great steaks, friendly gauchos but not as friendly as tdb's gauchos, price range is reasonable (shelled out $35 for dinner of 1)."", 'i would recommend this place.']",3,84
401,Memphis Championship Barbecue,"Memphis BBQ is one of the good BBQ restaurants in Vegas, next to Famous Dave's and Lucille's.  The atmosphere is relaxed and casual, the staff is friendly and available, food is delish and prices are reasonable.  I would recommend this place.","[""memphis bbq is one of the good bbq restaurants in vegas, next to famous dave's and lucille's."", 'the atmosphere is relaxed and casual, the staff is friendly and available, food is delish and prices are reasonable.', 'i would recommend this place.']",3,369
402,Ann's Salon,"Niki,my hairstylist was great! She took her time to cut my long hair into layers and showed me how to get different looks with it.  This is my new fave hair salon.","['niki,my hairstylist was great!', 'she took her time to cut my long hair into layers and showed me how to get different looks with it.', 'this is my new fave hair salon.']",3,107
403,Florida Cafe Cuban Bar & Grill,"My sister was on Oprah for her fabulous job as a Wine Angel, so we decided to celebrate over dinner at Florida Cafe.  I've always wanted to try this place however it's downtown LV and it's quite a drive from my house.  The service is excellent, the food is delicious and the ambience is family friendly. Ohh and everything at such a reasonable price.  Highly recommended!","['my sister was on oprah for her fabulous job as a wine angel, so we decided to celebrate over dinner at florida cafe.', ""i've always wanted to try this place however it's downtown lv and it's quite a drive from my house."", 'the service is excellent, the food is delicious and the ambience is family friendly.', 'ohh and everything at such a reasonable price.', 'highly recommended!']",5,374
404,KJ Kitchen,"The food is good but a lil' pricey, however the restaurant is open until 2am; so that's very convenient.  The service can be better but I'm used to Chinese restaurants, they all kinda have an attitude. You must try their deep fried tofu ~ it's delicious.","[""the food is good but a lil' pricey, however the restaurant is open until 2am; so that's very convenient."", ""the service can be better but i'm used to chinese restaurants, they all kinda have an attitude."", ""you must try their deep fried tofu ~ it's delicious.""]",3,297
405,Cathay House Restaurant,"Best dim sum and authentic Chinese food ~ at one point my family and I called Cathay House ""Sunday's Best"" since we ate here two Sundays in a row.","['best dim sum and authentic chinese food ~ at one point my family and i called cathay house ""sunday\'s best"" since we ate here two sundays in a row.']",1,235
406,The Cheesecake Factory,"Another all-time fave restaurant in Vegas ~ 

The food selection is tremendous and I end up ordering the same thing almost every time I dine here ~ Pasta Carbonara with chicken or shrimp ^_^ and of course I order a different cheesecake each time because they are all delicious. 

Their happy hour is a definite reason to come back ~ half off appetizers and drinks.","['another all-time fave restaurant in vegas ~   the food selection is tremendous and i end up ordering the same thing almost every time i dine here ~ pasta carbonara with chicken or shrimp ^_^ and of course i order a different cheesecake each time because they are all delicious.', 'their happy hour is a definite reason to come back ~ half off appetizers and drinks.']",2,627
407,Yard House,Besides Blue Martini - Yard House is a new hang-out for cocktails spot in Las Vegas.  They have a vast selection of food and libacious drinks.  Music is always blaring so the patio is a good spot if one wants to have a conversation or to people watch.,"['besides blue martini - yard house is a new hang-out for cocktails spot in las vegas.', 'they have a vast selection of food and libacious drinks.', 'music is always blaring so the patio is a good spot if one wants to have a conversation or to people watch.']",3,1302
408,Olive Garden Italian Restaurant,"My favorite location, Summerlin right across from Red Rock Resort.  Olive Garden's food is good, but the tiramisu dessert is the reason why I keep coming back.","['my favorite location, summerlin right across from red rock resort.', ""olive garden's food is good, but the tiramisu dessert is the reason why i keep coming back.""]",2,256
409,Hash House A Go Go,"I haven't been here in about a year and I missed it alot! My younger sister introduced me to Hash House and I fell in-love at first bite.  Ambiance is upbeat yet comfy, staff is friendly, price is reasonable, food is excellent.  Best all-day breakfast restaurant on my list!","[""i haven't been here in about a year and i missed it alot!"", 'my younger sister introduced me to hash house and i fell in-love at first bite.', 'ambiance is upbeat yet comfy, staff is friendly, price is reasonable, food is excellent.', 'best all-day breakfast restaurant on my list!']",4,3193
410,Ichiza,"Overall ~ will come back again

Food, ambiance, price and service is good! 
Food server was a little busy with other guests however she managed to refill my water.  =)
Food is delicious!
Ambiance is relaxed, friendly and very oriental (which I really love!).
For a party of 7, our check came out to be $119.00 ~ very reasonable.","['overall ~ will come back again  food, ambiance, price and service is good!', 'food server was a little busy with other guests however she managed to refill my water.', '=) food is delicious!', 'ambiance is relaxed, friendly and very oriental (which i really love!).', 'for a party of 7, our check came out to be $119.00 ~ very reasonable.']",5,1410
411,Red 8,"Red 8 is a nice Asian restaurant inside Encore however the food is okay.  Nothing I'll go crazy about since my palate loves authentic Chinese food.  Ambiance is gorgeous, service is friendly yet can improve for the better, price is ridiculous but what does one expect inside Encore.","['red 8 is a nice asian restaurant inside encore however the food is okay.', ""nothing i'll go crazy about since my palate loves authentic chinese food."", 'ambiance is gorgeous, service is friendly yet can improve for the better, price is ridiculous but what does one expect inside encore.']",3,522
412,Blue Martini Lounge,A weekend favorite between my girls and I ~ have a mango martini and their Vesuvious chocolate cake.  A girl can indulge after an hour long of cardio workouts. XD,"['a weekend favorite between my girls and i ~ have a mango martini and their vesuvious chocolate cake.', 'a girl can indulge after an hour long of cardio workouts.', 'xd']",3,869
413,Platinum Hair Studio,I bought a coupon from LivingSocial.com for a steal and the service was amazing.  I would go back here anytime.,"['i bought a coupon from livingsocial.com for a steal and the service was amazing.', 'i would go back here anytime.']",2,8
414,Oyshi Sushi,"I just love sushi so I'm biased when it comes to sushi restaurants, however, Oyshi Sushi is my new fave in town! Ambiance is beautiful - they have a big Japanese mural in their private room ~ so lovely to look at.  Service is excellent ~ food is delicious ~ price is reasonable.  Highly recommended!!","[""i just love sushi so i'm biased when it comes to sushi restaurants, however, oyshi sushi is my new fave in town!"", 'ambiance is beautiful - they have a big japanese mural in their private room ~ so lovely to look at.', 'service is excellent ~ food is delicious ~ price is reasonable.', 'highly recommended!', '!']",5,1206
415,Krung Thai Restaurant,Ate here once but I might come back.  The food is palatable but I like Thai BBQ better.,"['ate here once but i might come back.', 'the food is palatable but i like thai bbq better.']",2,220
416,Sweet Addiction,"The homemade cookies are delicious, and so are the Thrifty ice cream; but I just want more variety in dessert.","['the homemade cookies are delicious, and so are the thrifty ice cream; but i just want more variety in dessert.']",1,418
417,Tutti Bella Yogurt,My younger sister introduced me to Tutti Bella and I loved it! Picking which toppings to use is the highlight of soft-serve yogurt in Tutti Bella (same in Yogurtland).,"['my younger sister introduced me to tutti bella and i loved it!', 'picking which toppings to use is the highlight of soft-serve yogurt in tutti bella (same in yogurtland).']",2,14
418,Sugar Factory American Brasserie,"Ambiance is eye-candy, the food is good, the drinks are quiet lovely and the dessert menu will give you a toothache just by looking at it.   The menu is pricey but not overboard.  I liked my experience and would definitely go back again.","['ambiance is eye-candy, the food is good, the drinks are quiet lovely and the dessert menu will give you a toothache just by looking at it.', 'the menu is pricey but not overboard.', 'i liked my experience and would definitely go back again.']",3,751
419,MIX,Located on the 64th floor of Mandalay Bay Hotel on the Las Vegas Strip where the view of the city is breathtaking.  I celebrated my 25th birthday here and we'll be celebrating my friend's 25th birthday here tonight! I love this place ~ ambiance is techie yet comfortable.,"['located on the 64th floor of mandalay bay hotel on the las vegas strip where the view of the city is breathtaking.', ""i celebrated my 25th birthday here and we'll be celebrating my friend's 25th birthday here tonight!"", 'i love this place ~ ambiance is techie yet comfortable.']",3,944
420,Brew Tea Bar,"Great service! Delicious Boba! Yummy drinks! Great location (for me)! 
All I have are compliments for Brew Tea Bar. Even if their line is long, they don't lack great service. The drinks are always on point and I have never waited longer than 10 minutes. fyi - I always order 5 drinks or more so 10 minutes is lightning fast. XD They're pretty amazing! They have fresh taro topping (yummy!) and you can have that on any drink (if you want). Overall the best boba place in the Southwest!","['great service!', 'delicious boba!', 'yummy drinks!', 'great location (for me)!', 'all i have are compliments for brew tea bar.', 'fyi - i always order 5 drinks or more so 10 minutes is lightning fast.', ""xd they're pretty amazing!"", 'they have fresh taro topping (yummy!)', 'and you can have that on any drink (if you want).', 'overall the best boba place in the southwest!']",12,1380
421,DT's Filipino Food and Karaoke,"their menu has specialties that other Filipino restaurants do not have, and food is pretty good","['their menu has specialties that other filipino restaurants do not have, and food is pretty good']",1,220
422,Ohana Hawaiian BBQ,I ate lunch here when my office was on Durango and it gets a little busy around noon to 2pm but the chicken and beef teriyaki is delicious and they serve Thai Iced Tea.,['i ate lunch here when my office was on durango and it gets a little busy around noon to 2pm but the chicken and beef teriyaki is delicious and they serve thai iced tea.'],1,208
423,Yogurtland,"Our pit stop before catching the latest flick on Town Square. 
Taro is yum!","['our pit stop before catching the latest flick on town square.', 'taro is yum!']",2,150
424,XS Nightclub,XS in Encore is a beautiful nightclub especially their outdoor pool; however the crowd is mainly tourist and women have a cover charge of $20.  boo hoo! altogether rating - not so bad!,"['xs in encore is a beautiful nightclub especially their outdoor pool; however the crowd is mainly tourist and women have a cover charge of $20.', 'boo hoo!', 'altogether rating - not so bad!']",3,2915
425,Karaoke Q Studio,"For now, three stars because it was my first time and there was an hour wait time for a medium/large room, then after we got the room 20 minutes later the machine just stopped.  Supposed cause is that there were too many people in the room ~ maybe it was just that night however I had a great time with friends and we're coming back again this Saturday.  Hopefully it will be a better experience.","['for now, three stars because it was my first time and there was an hour wait time for a medium/large room, then after we got the room 20 minutes later the machine just stopped.', ""supposed cause is that there were too many people in the room ~ maybe it was just that night however i had a great time with friends and we're coming back again this saturday."", 'hopefully it will be a better experience.']",3,495
426,Crown Bakery,Another fave bakery in Las Vegas ~ their pastries are delicious and oh so irresistible ~ I haven't been for a few weeks since I'm on a bikini-beach diet for my vacation in coming up.  So watch for more reviews. This place is a must-try!,"[""another fave bakery in las vegas ~ their pastries are delicious and oh so irresistible ~ i haven't been for a few weeks since i'm on a bikini-beach diet for my vacation in coming up."", 'so watch for more reviews.', 'this place is a must-try!']",3,342
427,JCPenney Portraits,"I agree from Christopher B.'s review ~ BUYER BEWARE and NEVER GO TO THIS PLACE!! I have a great place that I will recommend (read my review about Portrait Innovations), however, I've been here twice and it got worse every visit.  

The first visit was for my maternity photos because my friend recommended this place (her photos are great) however mine was not.  The service was so-so, the sales person was that wanted to sell but she did take more than 30 shots.  When I received my photos they were all dark and we blended in the background but the proofs were completely the opposite.  

Ok so I let it go trying to give them benefit of the doubt.  

Second time was more than a year later for my son's 1st birthday photos.  This was really bad ~ the sales person is different from the last time and she was rudest person.  She rushed the pictorial and wouldn't allow a family shot because ""per company policy"" can only take 12-15 shots.  Bogus!! 

I bought the simplest package.  She does not deserve a sale!","['i agree from christopher b.', ""'s review ~ buyer beware and never go to this place!!"", ""i have a great place that i will recommend (read my review about portrait innovations), however, i've been here twice and it got worse every visit."", 'the first visit was for my maternity photos because my friend recommended this place (her photos are great) however mine was not.', 'the service was so-so, the sales person was that wanted to sell but she did take more than 30 shots.', 'this was really bad ~ the sales person is different from the last time and she was rudest person.', 'she rushed the pictorial and wouldn\'t allow a family shot because ""per company policy"" can only take 12-15 shots.', 'bogus!!', 'i bought the simplest package.', 'she does not deserve a sale!']",13,26
428,Gentlemen Cuts,Best barber shop in town. Spent a lot of time looking for a normal barber and finaly found one The owner is one of the best barbers in the arizona. It's well worth the  drive to get a hair cut by Elizabeth   Would never go anywhere else . She made the haircut  experience wonderful. I have never got a hair cut like this in my life definitely telling everyone about this place the staff is very nice and you get acknowledged and greeted rite away and the tvs are always playing sports it's a place I come to every week,"['best barber shop in town.', 'spent a lot of time looking for a normal barber and finaly found one the owner is one of the best barbers in the arizona.', ""it's well worth the  drive to get a hair cut by elizabeth   would never go anywhere else ."", 'she made the haircut  experience wonderful.', ""i have never got a hair cut like this in my life definitely telling everyone about this place the staff is very nice and you get acknowledged and greeted rite away and the tvs are always playing sports it's a place i come to every week""]",5,63
429,Pino's Pizza Al Centro,Came from new York and this is by far the best pizza I ever ate will definitely come here every time I'm in town the owner is amazing and very friendly,"[""came from new york and this is by far the best pizza i ever ate will definitely come here every time i'm in town the owner is amazing and very friendly""]",1,217
430,Elyria Red Roof Inn and Suites,"Had called another motel chain from the highway for availability, but the place looked grim so we dialed the nice looking Red Roof we passed. The price was 5 bucks less plus we got upgraded! The room was clean and well maintained, the kingsized bed was great and the room was quiet.  The included breakfast was barely adequate but at least there were hard boiled eggs and the dining area was light, airy and well appointed.  The simple addition of a microwave in the breakfast area would have earned another star for this Red Roof","['had called another motel chain from the highway for availability, but the place looked grim so we dialed the nice looking red roof we passed.', 'the price was 5 bucks less plus we got upgraded!', 'the room was clean and well maintained, the kingsized bed was great and the room was quiet.', 'the included breakfast was barely adequate but at least there were hard boiled eggs and the dining area was light, airy and well appointed.', 'the simple addition of a microwave in the breakfast area would have earned another star for this red roof']",5,26
431,Ultimate Pet Grooming,This business has horrible service. If you want anything done you better show up right when they open. Even if you just want a shower for your pooch. For example I showed up yesterday 15 minutes before closing and receptionist said groomers all left for the day which makes sense. I went today one hour before they close and receptionist tells me all the groomers left. Wtf!!!!! Really! Man f*cl this place.,"['this business has horrible service.', 'if you want anything done you better show up right when they open.', 'even if you just want a shower for your pooch.', 'for example i showed up yesterday 15 minutes before closing and receptionist said groomers all left for the day which makes sense.', 'i went today one hour before they close and receptionist tells me all the groomers left.', 'wtf!!!!!', 'really!', 'man f*cl this place.']",8,21
432,Del Taco,This Del Taco is just sad. We have been here twice using the drive thru and they have failed to give us hot sauce. Come on get your stuff together. I was gonna give you no stars.,"['this del taco is just sad.', 'we have been here twice using the drive thru and they have failed to give us hot sauce.', 'come on get your stuff together.', 'i was gonna give you no stars.']",4,21
433,Nicklin Property Management,I have been renting a property from Nicklin for about a year already and I have no complaints. When the water main broke all I had to do was call it in and the mainentance guys came and fixed it right away. Honestly I dont have any complaints i have been lucky not to have a major problems at my house. Keep up the good work guys,"['i have been renting a property from nicklin for about a year already and i have no complaints.', 'when the water main broke all i had to do was call it in and the mainentance guys came and fixed it right away.', 'honestly i dont have any complaints i have been lucky not to have a major problems at my house.', 'keep up the good work guys']",4,79
434,Hair City Salon,"Great atmosphere and staff very friendly, hairdresser actually took time to get to know me asked question and gave great suggestions. My hair feels so light and heathy, will definitelygo back and make it my permanent salon. I will recommend to everyone I know.","['great atmosphere and staff very friendly, hairdresser actually took time to get to know me asked question and gave great suggestions.', 'my hair feels so light and heathy, will definitelygo back and make it my permanent salon.', 'i will recommend to everyone i know.']",3,7
435,Takht-e Tavoos,"There aren't many options when it comes to Persian brunch but this place offers one of the best breakfast/lunch dishes you can find anywhere in this city. 

Try Kalehpacheh if you feel adventurous. If you are Persian, you probably know what it is and you either love it or hate it. If it's the latter, then this is the place where you will fall in love with Kalehpacheh **100% GUARANTEED**","[""there aren't many options when it comes to persian brunch but this place offers one of the best breakfast/lunch dishes you can find anywhere in this city."", 'try kalehpacheh if you feel adventurous.', 'if you are persian, you probably know what it is and you either love it or hate it.', ""if it's the latter, then this is the place where you will fall in love with kalehpacheh **100% guaranteed**""]",4,112
436,Nishikawa Ramen,This place is really good. The staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable for the portion size. I eat here often and haven't had a bad experience yet.,"['this place is really good.', 'the staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable for the portion size.', ""i eat here often and haven't had a bad experience yet.""]",3,378
437,Ultimate Kombat Fitness,"Fun place to get a serious workout. There is really a great vibe here, the coaches motivate me and push me to my limits, in a positive manner. Both of the coaches I've worked with are professional fighters (UFC/Bellator) who emphasize technique and not just rep's. 

The other members are really friendly and welcoming. I felt right at home immediately.

If you're looking for friendly place to get in shape I recommend giving this place a try.","['fun place to get a serious workout.', 'there is really a great vibe here, the coaches motivate me and push me to my limits, in a positive manner.', ""both of the coaches i've worked with are professional fighters (ufc/bellator) who emphasize technique and not just rep's."", 'the other members are really friendly and welcoming.', 'i felt right at home immediately.', ""if you're looking for friendly place to get in shape i recommend giving this place a try.""]",6,6
438,Red Viet Cuisine - Sushi,"The average tasting sushi and friendly service was totally undone by the nearly hour long wait to get our food after ordering. The place isn't very big and was not busy when we place our order so the wait, in my opinion, was totally unjustified. 
Nice, clean and fairly priced...but way too slow.","['the average tasting sushi and friendly service was totally undone by the nearly hour long wait to get our food after ordering.', ""the place isn't very big and was not busy when we place our order so the wait, in my opinion, was totally unjustified."", 'nice, clean and fairly priced...but way too slow.']",3,167
439,Marquee Theatre,"Venue is fine: staff are business like but friendly enough, parking is handy, drinks aren't too pricey. The room is clean, good visibility with a slanted floor or upgrade seating on the balcony upstairs.

But...the sound mix is so bass heavy it buries the vocals and other instruments. we went to hear singer ZZ Ward, could barely hear her and none of the keys, guitar, etc. It was ALL bass guitar and kick drum.

Maybe for a DJ that is a great mix but a singers voice should be featured not unintelligible.

It was so bad we left early. wasted $, wasted evening.

Sheesh.","[""venue is fine: staff are business like but friendly enough, parking is handy, drinks aren't too pricey."", 'the room is clean, good visibility with a slanted floor or upgrade seating on the balcony upstairs.', 'but...the sound mix is so bass heavy it buries the vocals and other instruments.', 'we went to hear singer zz ward, could barely hear her and none of the keys, guitar, etc.', 'it was all bass guitar and kick drum.', 'maybe for a dj that is a great mix but a singers voice should be featured not unintelligible.', 'it was so bad we left early.', 'wasted $, wasted evening.', 'sheesh.']",9,338
440,The Van Buren,"Bad sound mix/excessive volume ruined two visits.

Great looking new venue with fabulous possibilities. 

Reminiscent of the iconic Fillmore in SF.

Two shows later, the muddy sound mix with excessive volume drowning out vocals left a lot of room for improvement.

Seems a Live Nation venue would do better....maybe they need to hire someone to run the sound board who hasn't lost their hearing.","['bad sound mix/excessive volume ruined two visits.', 'great looking new venue with fabulous possibilities.', 'reminiscent of the iconic fillmore in sf.', 'two shows later, the muddy sound mix with excessive volume drowning out vocals left a lot of room for improvement.', ""seems a live nation venue would do better....maybe they need to hire someone to run the sound board who hasn't lost their hearing.""]",5,145
441,Fry's Electronics,"Terrible customer Service/Service refund refusal:

Three trips to the store and two home visits by service staff it was determined the internet extender network could not perform as advertised.

While, Frys was willing to refund the purchase price of the materials, the service manager refused to refund the $100 service/installation charge...even though their staff could not successfully install the equipment....concluding there was a design flaw preventing successful installation.

Even after a store visit, the manager continued to refuse to refund the service charge for their unsuccessful work.

Is it any wonder this chain is experiencing difficulties? This customer is not returning.","['terrible customer service/service refund refusal:  three trips to the store and two home visits by service staff it was determined the internet extender network could not perform as advertised.', 'while, frys was willing to refund the purchase price of the materials, the service manager refused to refund the $100 service/installation charge...even though their staff could not successfully install the equipment....concluding there was a design flaw preventing successful installation.', 'even after a store visit, the manager continued to refuse to refund the service charge for their unsuccessful work.', 'is it any wonder this chain is experiencing difficulties?', 'this customer is not returning.']",5,233
442,Cedars Cafe,"Cedars Cafe is fantastic!

I've been here a few times for lunch, and the service is great, and the food delicious. The falafel sandwich is perhaps my favorite! It's unfortunate that they charge for extra sauce (hot sauce especially). Otherwise a no-frills place to enjoy my lunch break away from the office.","['cedars cafe is fantastic!', ""i've been here a few times for lunch, and the service is great, and the food delicious."", 'the falafel sandwich is perhaps my favorite!', ""it's unfortunate that they charge for extra sauce (hot sauce especially)."", 'otherwise a no-frills place to enjoy my lunch break away from the office.']",5,85
443,Mike's Junk and Haul / Hauling Guys,"Mike showed up on time.  He gave me a price over the phone,  but said we could negotiate up or down depending on what I had.  I should have rented a truck from Home Depot since it was only a pickup load size and weight. The cost would have been less than 1/2 the $200 he charged me.  I tried negotiating with him but no luck,  so I gave up. Wouldn't use again. Ron","['mike showed up on time.', 'he gave me a price over the phone,  but said we could negotiate up or down depending on what i had.', 'i should have rented a truck from home depot since it was only a pickup load size and weight.', 'the cost would have been less than 1/2 the $200 he charged me.', 'i tried negotiating with him but no luck,  so i gave up.', ""wouldn't use again."", 'ron']",7,6
444,Dave & Buster's,"The games are cool. But if you want customer service this is NOT the place.. They really need to understand of they continue ""I could careless attitude"" there going to lose there loyal customers..","['the games are cool.', 'but if you want customer service this is not the place.. they really need to understand of they continue ""i could careless attitude"" there going to lose there loyal customers..']",2,124
445,Total Wine & More,The More of Total Wine & More is why we went in.  While traveling we are always looking for unique and hard to find bourbons.  Ken was very knowledgable about their products and bourbon in general.  We really appreciated all the time he took with us to find just the right gift to bring back home.,"['the more of total wine & more is why we went in.', 'while traveling we are always looking for unique and hard to find bourbons.', 'ken was very knowledgable about their products and bourbon in general.', 'we really appreciated all the time he took with us to find just the right gift to bring back home.']",4,61
446,Rogers,"I am not sure about others. This is my experience. On a saturday morning on MAy 21st there were two ladies as a customer service rep. The rudest I ever met. Gosh I wonder what they think about themself, its too hard for them to answer a question and ask you back rude questions.
Customer service at the poorest.
I hope somebody tell them, they really suck in their job. I wonder what make them so upset early in the morning. People shouldn't do their job, If they don't like it. Please leave the customers alone.","['i am not sure about others.', 'this is my experience.', 'on a saturday morning on may 21st there were two ladies as a customer service rep. the rudest i ever met.', 'gosh i wonder what they think about themself, its too hard for them to answer a question and ask you back rude questions.', 'customer service at the poorest.', 'i hope somebody tell them, they really suck in their job.', 'i wonder what make them so upset early in the morning.', ""people shouldn't do their job, if they don't like it."", 'please leave the customers alone.']",9,3
447,Student Pizza & Curry,Reminded me of an overpriced cheap frozen pizza.  I will try a different place on my next trip to Toronto.,"['reminded me of an overpriced cheap frozen pizza.', 'i will try a different place on my next trip to toronto.']",2,5
448,Presidential Limousine,great experience from beginning to the end. Our driver Thomas was the best and made my family feel awesome. Thank you Thomas!,"['great experience from beginning to the end.', 'our driver thomas was the best and made my family feel awesome.', 'thank you thomas!']",3,505
449,Moon Valley Nurseries,"Moon Valley nursery has a great selection of trees, and Mark was very knowledgeable about varieties that were well-suited for my location. We chose the perfect tree for our yard, and the tree planting crew was fast and efficient. The tree looks great!  I highly recommend Mark and Moon Valley for all of your planting needs.","['moon valley nursery has a great selection of trees, and mark was very knowledgeable about varieties that were well-suited for my location.', 'we chose the perfect tree for our yard, and the tree planting crew was fast and efficient.', 'the tree looks great!', 'i highly recommend mark and moon valley for all of your planting needs.']",4,71
450,Phillips Garage Doors,"This is absolutely the best garage door company in the west valley. They are on-time for their appointments, and a pleasure to work with. The thing that I really appreciate, is their honesty. They won't try to sell additional products or services that you don't need. I highly recommend this family owned business.","['this is absolutely the best garage door company in the west valley.', 'they are on-time for their appointments, and a pleasure to work with.', 'the thing that i really appreciate, is their honesty.', ""they won't try to sell additional products or services that you don't need."", 'i highly recommend this family owned business.']",5,9
451,Elly's Brunch & Cafe,"After reading a description of this restaurant in the newspaper, I was very excited to take my mother, daughters, and sister for brunch. We were all very disappointed in both the food and the service. It took an hour to get our food.  My sister and I both ordered a medium rare cheeseburger that came out well done and dry. The burgers had no sauce, and were mediocre. My mother ordered pancakes, and they were rather dense and tasteless.  We agreed that none of us will be returning to this restaurant.","['after reading a description of this restaurant in the newspaper, i was very excited to take my mother, daughters, and sister for brunch.', 'we were all very disappointed in both the food and the service.', 'it took an hour to get our food.', 'my sister and i both ordered a medium rare cheeseburger that came out well done and dry.', 'the burgers had no sauce, and were mediocre.', 'my mother ordered pancakes, and they were rather dense and tasteless.', 'we agreed that none of us will be returning to this restaurant.']",7,213
452,Boulder Dam Brewing Co.,Great little brew house in Boulder NV. Great food. Interesting combos for burgers and salads. Micro beer sampler was great. Six moderate sized samples of diverse beers. Definitely a fun place to visit before or after visiting Hoover dam.,"['great little brew house in boulder nv.', 'great food.', 'interesting combos for burgers and salads.', 'micro beer sampler was great.', 'six moderate sized samples of diverse beers.', 'definitely a fun place to visit before or after visiting hoover dam.']",6,357
453,Paymon's Mediterranean Cafe & Lounge,Quaint Mediterranean venu not too far from the strip. Large menu. Food was very good. A little spicy. Had several choices from moraccan to greek to italian. Service was friendly and quick.,"['quaint mediterranean venu not too far from the strip.', 'large menu.', 'food was very good.', 'a little spicy.', 'had several choices from moraccan to greek to italian.', 'service was friendly and quick.']",6,599
454,Diamond Restaurant,"This is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. I come here because the food is homemade, the flavors are amazing, and they take pride in sourcing and preparing a menu that incorporates quality ingredients. This diner is miles above any other diner I've been to, especially in North Carolina. Haven't had anything on the menu that I wouldn't order again!","['this is my favorite restaurant in charlotte.', 'i come here because the food is homemade, the flavors are amazing, and they take pride in sourcing and preparing a menu that incorporates quality ingredients.', ""this diner is miles above any other diner i've been to, especially in north carolina."", ""haven't had anything on the menu that i wouldn't order again!""]",4,341
455,Graffiti Studio,Willow did an amazing job on my hair!!! I highly recommend her! I am sending my my mom to her asap!  I got color/cut/style and it is exactly what I wanted! I'm very happy with my hair! Already got several compliments!,"['willow did an amazing job on my hair!!!', 'i highly recommend her!', 'i am sending my my mom to her asap!', 'i got color/cut/style and it is exactly what i wanted!', ""i'm very happy with my hair!"", 'already got several compliments!']",6,3
456,Udupi Palace,"Overall: Unless I was in the area, I wouldn't go out of my way to go back. 

Service: Our food took a while to arrive but they all came around the same time. 

Food: I liked the dosa and curries. My mango lassi was room temperature.","[""overall: unless i was in the area, i wouldn't go out of my way to go back."", 'service: our food took a while to arrive but they all came around the same time.', 'food: i liked the dosa and curries.', 'my mango lassi was room temperature.']",4,162
457,The Pie Commission,"I tried the beef brisket, pulled pork and butter chicken pies. My favourite was the pulled pork but they were all good. Each pie is hearty and the pastry was flakey. There was plenty of filling so one pie would be more than enough for me. 

The place is on a side road, tucked in the lower level. There are 2-3 stool seats inside but a couple larger tables outside. 

Frozen pies can also be bought and reheated later. The to-go box includes instructions on how to reheat the pies.","['i tried the beef brisket, pulled pork and butter chicken pies.', 'my favourite was the pulled pork but they were all good.', 'each pie is hearty and the pastry was flakey.', 'there was plenty of filling so one pie would be more than enough for me.', 'the place is on a side road, tucked in the lower level.', 'there are 2-3 stool seats inside but a couple larger tables outside.', 'frozen pies can also be bought and reheated later.', 'the to-go box includes instructions on how to reheat the pies.']",8,205
458,Wooffles & Cream,"Got the lap cheung (Chinese sausage) and seaweed egg waffle and matcha ice cream. The soft serve ice cream was very creamy and while it was good, I didn't think it needed to be incorporated with the waffle.

The lap cheung waffle was an interesting mix of sweet and savoury. There was no line up when we went at night and the waffle was made well. Not underdone or overdone.

Wasn't going to come because of all the hype and most likely won't be back unless I happen to be in the area.","['got the lap cheung (chinese sausage) and seaweed egg waffle and matcha ice cream.', ""the soft serve ice cream was very creamy and while it was good, i didn't think it needed to be incorporated with the waffle."", 'the lap cheung waffle was an interesting mix of sweet and savoury.', 'there was no line up when we went at night and the waffle was made well.', 'not underdone or overdone.', ""wasn't going to come because of all the hype and most likely won't be back unless i happen to be in the area.""]",6,363
459,The Bowl Noodle Bar,"I liked my thin noodles and beef short ribs. The broth wasn't oily which was good. The tofu snack was ok, but not a must-get. 

I thought the shaved noodle was slightly too al dente for me but overall it was fine.

There's a Presotea inside but I didn't get anything this time.

Ordering from and iPad was easy and convenient for those who don't speak Mandarin. The menu is available in English and Chinese.","['i liked my thin noodles and beef short ribs.', ""the broth wasn't oily which was good."", 'the tofu snack was ok, but not a must-get.', 'i thought the shaved noodle was slightly too al dente for me but overall it was fine.', ""there's a presotea inside but i didn't get anything this time."", ""ordering from and ipad was easy and convenient for those who don't speak mandarin."", 'the menu is available in english and chinese.']",7,20
460,Via Cibo,"1) Margherita pizza ($10)
Nice thin crust with a good amount of cheese. Made in a stone oven. 

2) Broccolini and sausage pasta ($13)
Linguini was al dente, generous amount of sausage and broccolini. Good portion. 

The restaurant is a nice space. The decor was well done. The prices are a bit high for lunch but for dinner, this would be a good option.","['1) margherita pizza ($10) nice thin crust with a good amount of cheese.', 'made in a stone oven.', '2) broccolini and sausage pasta ($13) linguini was al dente, generous amount of sausage and broccolini.', 'good portion.', 'the restaurant is a nice space.', 'the decor was well done.', 'the prices are a bit high for lunch but for dinner, this would be a good option.']",7,105
461,Pai Northern Thai Kitchen,"1. Grabong ($10): Deep fried battered squash fritters with a garlic tamarind dip
- I really like this as an appetizer. The tangy dip complements the sweet squash well.

2. Gaeng Kiaw Wan in a coconut ($15): Green curry with bamboo shoots, kaffir lime leaves, basil leaves, green peppers and coconut milk. Served in a coconut with rice. Choice of: chicken, beef, pork, shrimp, fish, tofu or veggies.
- Lots of meat in the curry. Good for sharing.

3. Khao Pla Tawt ($14): Crispy basa fillet with oyster sauce, crispy shallots served with 2 sauces: fresh chilli sauce and tangy tamarind sauce
- I loved this because the fish was crispy the entire time and it wasn't greasy.

4. Khao Soi with beef ($14): Fresh egg noodles in a golden curry topped with crispy noodles, coriander and green onions. Choice of braised beef, chicken breast or chicken drumsticks
- Consistently good dish from Chef Nuit. The golden curry is flavourful and rich but not heavy. Braised beef was tender. 

5. Papaya salad - salted crab ($10): Shredded green papaya, tomato, long green beans, garlic, red chilli, tamarind juice, fish sauce, coconut sugar and freshly squeezed lime
- The salted crab tasted like sashimi and though the claws were small, they were very salted which balanced out the rest of the salad. 

6. I Moo Ping ($10): Northern Thai Street Grilled Pork on a skewer
- 3 skewers","['1. grabong ($10): deep fried battered squash fritters with a garlic tamarind dip - i really like this as an appetizer.', 'the tangy dip complements the sweet squash well.', '2. gaeng kiaw wan in a coconut ($15): green curry with bamboo shoots, kaffir lime leaves, basil leaves, green peppers and coconut milk.', 'served in a coconut with rice.', 'choice of: chicken, beef, pork, shrimp, fish, tofu or veggies.', 'choice of braised beef, chicken breast or chicken drumsticks - consistently good dish from chef nuit.', 'the golden curry is flavourful and rich but not heavy.', 'braised beef was tender.', '5. papaya salad - salted crab ($10): shredded green papaya, tomato, long green beans, garlic, red chilli, tamarind juice, fish sauce, coconut sugar and freshly squeezed lime - the salted crab tasted like sashimi and though the claws were small, they were very salted which balanced out the rest of the salad.', '6. i moo ping ($10): northern thai street grilled pork on a skewer - 3 skewers']",14,1837
462,Pie Squared,"The squared pies and the box it comes in makes it easy to eat on the go. 

I tried the jalapeo chicken and chicken pot pies in the big size. They were filling but the small ones would've been a great snack. 

There are about 15-20 seats inside and the decor is math (pi) and science themed. Each table also had a photo of famous mathematicians.","['the squared pies and the box it comes in makes it easy to eat on the go.', 'i tried the jalapeo chicken and chicken pot pies in the big size.', ""they were filling but the small ones would've been a great snack."", 'there are about 15-20 seats inside and the decor is math (pi) and science themed.', 'each table also had a photo of famous mathematicians.']",5,57
463,Uncle Betty's Diner,"We went on a Sunday around 1pm and had to wait for about 10min for a table of 2. 

We ordered the eggs Benny on a donut and the stuffed french toast. I loved the ricotta stuffed French toast because the ricotta made it lighter than cream cheese. 

The donut in the eggs Benny was a nice change to the usual English muffin. The sweetness of the donut balanced the peameal. 

I would definitely go back for brunch and get some donuts to go.","['we went on a sunday around 1pm and had to wait for about 10min for a table of 2.   we ordered the eggs benny on a donut and the stuffed french toast.', 'i loved the ricotta stuffed french toast because the ricotta made it lighter than cream cheese.', 'the donut in the eggs benny was a nice change to the usual english muffin.', 'the sweetness of the donut balanced the peameal.', 'i would definitely go back for brunch and get some donuts to go.']",5,169
464,Osaka Sushi Japanese Korean Restaurant,"Toronto roll
- Looks like a mess but loaded. 
- Top layer: cucumber, avocado 
- Middle layer: assorted pieces of sashimi 
- Bottom layer: tempura roll 

Overall:
Good sushi, big portions, price is decent for the quality and quantity","['toronto roll - looks like a mess but loaded.', '- top layer: cucumber, avocado  - middle layer: assorted pieces of sashimi  - bottom layer: tempura roll   overall: good sushi, big portions, price is decent for the quality and quantity']",2,298
465,Raku Ramen & Izakaya,"We were hungry and didn't want to wait for a table at Sushi House a few doors down. 

Grilled duck breast ($8 for 5 thin slices): It was overdone so it was dry and a bit tough. 

Katsu don ($10): The rice was too burnt on arrival and it tasted a bit too salty. There was a lot of rice and not a lot of chicken. 

Raku roll ($13): Their signature roll was small. Inside was white fish, crab meat and cucumber. The spicy sauce was good. We could taste the torched flavour (aburi).","[""we were hungry and didn't want to wait for a table at sushi house a few doors down."", 'grilled duck breast ($8 for 5 thin slices): it was overdone so it was dry and a bit tough.', 'katsu don ($10): the rice was too burnt on arrival and it tasted a bit too salty.', 'there was a lot of rice and not a lot of chicken.', 'raku roll ($13): their signature roll was small.', 'inside was white fish, crab meat and cucumber.', 'the spicy sauce was good.', 'we could taste the torched flavour (aburi).']",8,62
466,One2 Snacks,"The prices are good, the food is authentic and the portions are big.

The laksa is flavourful and quite spicy (even when we ordered as mild as possible). 

I liked the durian shake because I could taste the durian. This is definitely not for everyone.

Only a few seats available so it's best to get it to go. 

Call and order ahead because there is usually a wait, especially around lunch time.","['the prices are good, the food is authentic and the portions are big.', 'the laksa is flavourful and quite spicy (even when we ordered as mild as possible).', 'i liked the durian shake because i could taste the durian.', 'this is definitely not for everyone.', ""only a few seats available so it's best to get it to go."", 'call and order ahead because there is usually a wait, especially around lunch time.']",6,158
467,Bar Buca,"Went on a weeknight and didn't have to wait for 2 seats. 

Squid ink/portobello 
Interesting flavours and filling despite the size if the dish. 

Offal sausage
Tastes similar to Chinese sausage. This almost seemed like a breakfast dish because it had an egg on top. 

Cannoli and waffle 
So good. The citrus flavour of the cannoli was light and refreshing. The waffle wasn't too sweet so I definitely could've had more than 1.","[""went on a weeknight and didn't have to wait for 2 seats."", 'squid ink/portobello  interesting flavours and filling despite the size if the dish.', 'offal sausage tastes similar to chinese sausage.', 'this almost seemed like a breakfast dish because it had an egg on top.', 'cannoli and waffle  so good.', 'the citrus flavour of the cannoli was light and refreshing.', ""the waffle wasn't too sweet so i definitely could've had more than 1.""]",7,220
468,Union Social Eatery,"1. Big eye tuna sliders ($10.96): Ahi bigeye tuna, wasabi napa slaw, sweet soy, pickled ginger
- I ordered this appetizer for lunch and it was enough for me. Good balance of slaw and fish. The buns were soft and toasted.","['1. big eye tuna sliders ($10.96): ahi bigeye tuna, wasabi napa slaw, sweet soy, pickled ginger - i ordered this appetizer for lunch and it was enough for me.', 'good balance of slaw and fish.', 'the buns were soft and toasted.']",3,124
469,Hodo Kwaja,"I've only been when it was about to close but the pancake still tastes good. 

1. Brown sugar/peanut pancake
- Great warm snack any time of the day. Not too sweet and would go nicely with tea or coffee.","[""i've only been when it was about to close but the pancake still tastes good."", '1. brown sugar/peanut pancake - great warm snack any time of the day.', 'not too sweet and would go nicely with tea or coffee.']",3,171
470,The Royalton,"The venue looks nice. The food was decent for a wedding of over 250 people. The lounge area was very cold even when the room was full. 

The staff was ok. Not too attentive but given the size of the wedding, it's understandable that they are constantly occupied. They took away our champagne glasses after one toast so we didn't have them to toast for the rest of the night. Not a huge deal but wasn't sure why they did that.","['the venue looks nice.', 'the food was decent for a wedding of over 250 people.', 'the lounge area was very cold even when the room was full.', ""the staff was ok. not too attentive but given the size of the wedding, it's understandable that they are constantly occupied."", ""they took away our champagne glasses after one toast so we didn't have them to toast for the rest of the night."", ""not a huge deal but wasn't sure why they did that.""]",6,3
471,Yummy Vietnamese Cuisine,"I ordered a vermicelli bowl with 2 toppings (fried meat ball and spring roll) for $6.99. The spring roll was pretty small and it was mostly taro in it. There weren't a lot of noodles so the portions were on the smaller side. 

The tom yum noodle soup was spicy but the portion was ok. 

We wanted to order a sago dessert and were told that the kitchen was too busy to make it. The restaurant was less than half full and it was 8:30pm so we didn't think our request was too much. We understood that there was only 1 server but we would have been ok with waiting a bit for dessert instead of being denied completely. 

We will not be back.","['i ordered a vermicelli bowl with 2 toppings (fried meat ball and spring roll) for $6.99.', 'the spring roll was pretty small and it was mostly taro in it.', ""there weren't a lot of noodles so the portions were on the smaller side."", 'the tom yum noodle soup was spicy but the portion was ok.   we wanted to order a sago dessert and were told that the kitchen was too busy to make it.', ""the restaurant was less than half full and it was 8:30pm so we didn't think our request was too much."", 'we understood that there was only 1 server but we would have been ok with waiting a bit for dessert instead of being denied completely.', 'we will not be back.']",7,12
472,Han Ba Tang,"I liked their version of a charcuterie board because it had katsu (fried pork cutlet) and shrimp tempura. 

I tried the soju flight and it was interesting. The flavours were strawberry, cucumbers and ginseng. 

The sweet potato fries and chicken wings were one of my favourites.","['i liked their version of a charcuterie board because it had katsu (fried pork cutlet) and shrimp tempura.', 'i tried the soju flight and it was interesting.', 'the flavours were strawberry, cucumbers and ginseng.', 'the sweet potato fries and chicken wings were one of my favourites.']",4,241
473,Vietnam Noodle Star,"1. Pad thai
- Not ketchup-based or too sweet. Mine was salty but it would've been good if it was less salty. Not spicy. Comes with shrimp and chicken. 

2. Vermicelli with spring roll, shrimp on sugar cane
- Spring rolls were small and over-fried. Shrimp on sugar cane was bigger than other places.","['1. pad thai - not ketchup-based or too sweet.', ""mine was salty but it would've been good if it was less salty."", 'not spicy.', 'comes with shrimp and chicken.', '2. vermicelli with spring roll, shrimp on sugar cane - spring rolls were small and over-fried.', 'shrimp on sugar cane was bigger than other places.']",6,169
474,Naan and Kabob,"The food was similar to a homecooked version I've had so I liked it. 

The restaurant's decor is modern and definitely stands out from the rest of the ones in the plaza. 

To order, you pay at the counter and find a table until your food is ready. There's a bit of confusion when the bell is rung because no one knows whose meal it is until you go up to check.

Overall, not a bad lunch spot but probably won't be on our regular rotation.","[""the food was similar to a homecooked version i've had so i liked it."", ""the restaurant's decor is modern and definitely stands out from the rest of the ones in the plaza."", 'to order, you pay at the counter and find a table until your food is ready.', ""there's a bit of confusion when the bell is rung because no one knows whose meal it is until you go up to check."", ""overall, not a bad lunch spot but probably won't be on our regular rotation.""]",5,60
475,Johnny's Hamburgers,"1. Burger - $3.05
Big burger bun, patty is pre-made from a manufacturer. Condiments and toppings are basic: sauted/raw onions, mustard, relish, cheese (extra)  

Overall:
For a late night burger, it does the trick. 
No tables, just a counter and a bench. Many people eat in the parking lot or their car.","['1. burger - $3.05 big burger bun, patty is pre-made from a manufacturer.', 'condiments and toppings are basic: sauted/raw onions, mustard, relish, cheese (extra)    overall: for a late night burger, it does the trick.', 'no tables, just a counter and a bench.', 'many people eat in the parking lot or their car.']",4,201
476,Triple Crown Bar & Grill,"Usually go for the half price wings deal but that is no longer offered. Ordered the rib/wing platter to split between 2 people. 

1. Wing/rib platter 
- Big wings with good amount of meat. Ribs were tender and not dry. Fries, a lot. Also comes with vegetables. Good deal for $17 to share.","['usually go for the half price wings deal but that is no longer offered.', 'ordered the rib/wing platter to split between 2 people.', '1. wing/rib platter  - big wings with good amount of meat.', 'ribs were tender and not dry.', 'fries, a lot.', 'also comes with vegetables.', 'good deal for $17 to share.']",7,15
477,Pho Vietnam,"1) Bn
I've been looking for a pho place that serves bn with this exact combination: spring roll, grille meat ball and shrimp on sugar cane. Finally found it here. 

2) Pho 
Broth was clear and light but still flavourful. Good amount of meat. 

3) Jackfruit milkshake 
Contains real jackfruit, not too blended so you could still feel the fruit. 

Restaurant was still 3/4 full on a Sunday night with a thunderstorm on the way. 
Service was fine, milkshake came at the me of our meal but maybe they were too busy or forgot. 

Would return here.","[""1) bn i've been looking for a pho place that serves bn with this exact combination: spring roll, grille meat ball and shrimp on sugar cane."", 'finally found it here.', '2) pho  broth was clear and light but still flavourful.', 'good amount of meat.', '3) jackfruit milkshake  contains real jackfruit, not too blended so you could still feel the fruit.', 'restaurant was still 3/4 full on a sunday night with a thunderstorm on the way.', 'service was fine, milkshake came at the me of our meal but maybe they were too busy or forgot.', 'would return here.']",8,90
478,VIPS Sushi,"Opening Special: $7.99 (reg. 9.99) for many rolls. Ordered the Lady in Red and Sunrise rolls. The ingredients inside these 2 rolls were the same but we preferred the crab on the Lady in Red. 

Our server was friendly and attentive. 

The store is very small with only 2 tables of 4 seats. 

Free delivery available over $20 and within the delivery area. 

The 7.99 deal is great and hopefully they can keep it.","['opening special: $7.99 (reg.', '9.99) for many rolls.', 'ordered the lady in red and sunrise rolls.', 'the ingredients inside these 2 rolls were the same but we preferred the crab on the lady in red.', 'our server was friendly and attentive.', 'the store is very small with only 2 tables of 4 seats.', 'free delivery available over $20 and within the delivery area.', 'the 7.99 deal is great and hopefully they can keep it.']",8,117
479,Origin,"Bangcakes - $12 (Only at the Liberty Village location) 
Fluffy pancakes + caramelized banana + coconut + peanut brittle + pineapple
I don't love pancakes but I enjoyed these. The caramel sauce was a bit heavy by the end but we did dip into it generously

Corned beef + sweet potato hash + poached eggs + hollandaise - $15
I'm glad we shared this one. It was pretty good but it would've been too rich and heavy for me to consume by myself

Service 
Our server was good. She came by at the right times, not too often but not rarely seen either.

Reservations
I made a reservation through OpenTable but it didn't count towards any points. Too bad because it was the only reason I used OpenTable.

Menu/prices
The price was about expected for the Liberty Village area. If I go back for brunch, I'd want to try the French toast (duck confit) or the pork belly fried rice.","[""bangcakes - $12 (only at the liberty village location)  fluffy pancakes + caramelized banana + coconut + peanut brittle + pineapple i don't love pancakes but i enjoyed these."", ""the caramel sauce was a bit heavy by the end but we did dip into it generously  corned beef + sweet potato hash + poached eggs + hollandaise - $15 i'm glad we shared this one."", ""it was pretty good but it would've been too rich and heavy for me to consume by myself  service  our server was good."", 'she came by at the right times, not too often but not rarely seen either.', ""reservations i made a reservation through opentable but it didn't count towards any points."", 'too bad because it was the only reason i used opentable.', 'menu/prices the price was about expected for the liberty village area.', ""if i go back for brunch, i'd want to try the french toast (duck confit) or the pork belly fried rice.""]",8,21
480,Wilbur Mexicana,"The nacho chips, guacamole and cheese dip were our favourite. 

Pulled pork, fish and bulgogi tacos were all just ok. 

The space is nice and fits with the King West atmosphere. Seating is ""community"" style (shared tables). You place your order and grab a seat when it becomes available.","['the nacho chips, guacamole and cheese dip were our favourite.', 'pulled pork, fish and bulgogi tacos were all just ok.   the space is nice and fits with the king west atmosphere.', 'seating is ""community"" style (shared tables).', 'you place your order and grab a seat when it becomes available.']",4,426
481,Bang Bang Ice Cream and Bakery,"1. Ice cream sandwich - half portion: Gingerr cookie (with chunks of candied ginger) + cinnamon toast ice cream
- I really like the homemade ice cream. It was creamy and flavourful. Cinnamon was not overpowering and did taste like Cinnamon Toast Crunch 
- Cookie wasn't too sweet or ginger-y

Overall:
I would go back. There was a lineup after dinner on a weeknight but worth the wait.","['1. ice cream sandwich - half portion: gingerr cookie (with chunks of candied ginger) + cinnamon toast ice cream - i really like the homemade ice cream.', 'it was creamy and flavourful.', ""cinnamon was not overpowering and did taste like cinnamon toast crunch  - cookie wasn't too sweet or ginger-y  overall: i would go back."", 'there was a lineup after dinner on a weeknight but worth the wait.']",4,814
482,Markham Civic Centre,"Good venue for an outdoor wedding ceremony and tented reception. Lots of nice spots for photos. 

Outside catering is allowed. 

The staff was good to us, the guests.","['good venue for an outdoor wedding ceremony and tented reception.', 'lots of nice spots for photos.', 'outside catering is allowed.', 'the staff was good to us, the guests.']",4,4
483,Estates of Sunny Brook,"The McLean House was beautiful with many spots for wedding photos. The outdoor ceremony location was shaded by the trees so it's perfect for a late afternoon ceremony. There are many nice rooms for photos inside the house. 

The reception room was small so it's great for an intimate wedding. The lighting is mixed due to big windows on one end of the room. 

The staff was accommodating and took care of us (wedding photographers). The food was made well. Chicken was not dry and vegetables were fresh.","['the mclean house was beautiful with many spots for wedding photos.', ""the outdoor ceremony location was shaded by the trees so it's perfect for a late afternoon ceremony."", 'there are many nice rooms for photos inside the house.', ""the reception room was small so it's great for an intimate wedding."", 'the lighting is mixed due to big windows on one end of the room.', 'the staff was accommodating and took care of us (wedding photographers).', 'the food was made well.', 'chicken was not dry and vegetables were fresh.']",8,16
484,Rose and Sons,"The space is very small but it's nice for groups of 2-4 (we had 3 in our group). The team is friendly and helpful when answering questions about the menu. I don't have a favourite dish but I liked parts of the ones we ordered. 

1) BBQ shrimp nachos: guacamole, tamatillo, chilli jazz

- The nachos were really crispy and overall I liked this as an appetizer.

2) Patty melt burger: grilled cheese, fried onions + French fries, chili mayo

- I love thin/shoestring fries because it reminds me of McDonald's fries :) The patty was juicy and thick. 
- I liked the grilled cheese, especially the bread. The chilli mayo had a hint of pear which was pretty interesting.

3) Fried chicken: sour pickle brine, warm mushrooms and potato salad, soft egg

- The fried chicken skin was similar to Kentucky Fried Chicken and the meat was very tender and juicy.

- The vegetables were ok...I'm just glad there were some greens. If you don't like mustard, you may want to avoid the veggies (notice all the mustard seeds)","[""the space is very small but it's nice for groups of 2-4 (we had 3 in our group)."", 'the team is friendly and helpful when answering questions about the menu.', ""i don't have a favourite dish but i liked parts of the ones we ordered."", '1) bbq shrimp nachos: guacamole, tamatillo, chilli jazz  - the nachos were really crispy and overall i liked this as an appetizer.', ""2) patty melt burger: grilled cheese, fried onions + french fries, chili mayo  - i love thin/shoestring fries because it reminds me of mcdonald's fries :) the patty was juicy and thick."", '- i liked the grilled cheese, especially the bread.', 'the chilli mayo had a hint of pear which was pretty interesting.', '3) fried chicken: sour pickle brine, warm mushrooms and potato salad, soft egg  - the fried chicken skin was similar to kentucky fried chicken and the meat was very tender and juicy.', ""- the vegetables were ok...i'm just glad there were some greens."", ""if you don't like mustard, you may want to avoid the veggies (notice all the mustard seeds)""]",10,197
485,Mr Ciao,"Ordered the spicy sausage pizza. The sausage wasn't spicy at all and it was quite salty. The dough was good though. 

Also ordered the lemon sparkling drink which was refreshing.

Service was good. Friendly and attentive staff.","['ordered the spicy sausage pizza.', ""the sausage wasn't spicy at all and it was quite salty."", 'the dough was good though.', 'also ordered the lemon sparkling drink which was refreshing.', 'service was good.', 'friendly and attentive staff.']",6,22
486,Green Bamboo Restaurant,"I like the appetizer rolls with lettuce and pork. It's definitely meant for sharing as the 2 rolls are cut into 8 pieces but can also be eaten as a meal. I also like to order the bun  (vermicelli) with spring rolls and Vietnamese sausage. For the quality and the price, I think it's good value.","['i like the appetizer rolls with lettuce and pork.', ""it's definitely meant for sharing as the 2 rolls are cut into 8 pieces but can also be eaten as a meal."", 'i also like to order the bun  (vermicelli) with spring rolls and vietnamese sausage.', ""for the quality and the price, i think it's good value.""]",4,40
487,Tacos El Asador,"Soft chorizo taco: The chorizo didn't taste like chorizo to me but the taco was good. 

Soft fish taco: I liked this one better than the chorizo even though I chose the chorizo. 

Overall, I liked the soft taco shell because it didn't taste as store bought as many taco places. There aren't many seats (6-7 picnic tables) but worth a try anyway. Tacos were $3.30 so it made for a good snack for us.","[""soft chorizo taco: the chorizo didn't taste like chorizo to me but the taco was good."", 'soft fish taco: i liked this one better than the chorizo even though i chose the chorizo.', ""overall, i liked the soft taco shell because it didn't taste as store bought as many taco places."", ""there aren't many seats (6-7 picnic tables) but worth a try anyway."", 'tacos were $3.30 so it made for a good snack for us.']",5,255
488,Emma's Country Kitchen,"The French toast was thick (only finished 1 of he 2 slices) and the maple syrup has citrus flavours in it which may not be everyone's cup of tea but I liked it because it cut the sweetness. 

The eggs Benedict were good but the roasted potatoes stood out to me more than the eggs Benny.  

We got there at around 10 and had to wait about 5-10 minutes. Shortly after that, the line grew and it got very busy before brunch time.","[""the french toast was thick (only finished 1 of he 2 slices) and the maple syrup has citrus flavours in it which may not be everyone's cup of tea but i liked it because it cut the sweetness."", 'the eggs benedict were good but the roasted potatoes stood out to me more than the eggs benny.', 'we got there at around 10 and had to wait about 5-10 minutes.', 'shortly after that, the line grew and it got very busy before brunch time.']",4,329
489,Portland Variety,I tried the Berliner donut which is a sugar donut with a vanilla bean custard inside. It was very good and not too sweet despite the sugar coating on the outside. The custard was rich and there were visible vanilla bean seeds so the flavour was good.,"['i tried the berliner donut which is a sugar donut with a vanilla bean custard inside.', 'it was very good and not too sweet despite the sugar coating on the outside.', 'the custard was rich and there were visible vanilla bean seeds so the flavour was good.']",3,234
490,Spoon And Fork Plus,"Sunday lunch:  la carte lunch special ($12) or AYCE ($20)

1. Chirashi + miso soup + seaweed salad + 4 pieces of sushi 
- For $12 and 3 appetizer/sides, I thought the meal was good. The chirashi had a variety of items. I wish there was more salmon but can't complain for a lunch special. 

Overall:
- I enjoyed my meal. I've been to the Mississauga location and really enjoyed the pad thai there. I would come back to this location to try the pad thai. 
- 15% gratuity automatically added for large groups (we had 10 people) 
- Service was good. They let us split the bill and pay individually.","['sunday lunch:  la carte lunch special ($12) or ayce ($20)  1. chirashi + miso soup + seaweed salad + 4 pieces of sushi  - for $12 and 3 appetizer/sides, i thought the meal was good.', 'the chirashi had a variety of items.', ""i wish there was more salmon but can't complain for a lunch special."", 'overall: - i enjoyed my meal.', ""i've been to the mississauga location and really enjoyed the pad thai there."", 'i would come back to this location to try the pad thai.', '- 15% gratuity automatically added for large groups (we had 10 people)  - service was good.', 'they let us split the bill and pay individually.']",8,163
491,Jade Wellness Spa Clinic,"I called to make an appointment at the Yonge location but it was full so I was referred to the Eglinton location.

I called the day of my appointment to notify them that we would be late for our 1pm  massage and they said it was fine, as long as we got there by 1:30. When I arrived (before 1:30), the girl said they aren't able to do our treatment but to come back at 3, which we couldn't. We told them we called and they said it was fine if we were half an hour late. 

She showed us their handwritten agenda of the day, it turns out we were not even booked and there was another appointment booked at the same time. The girl at the Eglinton location said that the Yonge location takes their calls and makes the appointments. I called the manager and told her what had happened and she tried to convince us to go to the Yonge location to be treated right away. We were on a tight schedule so we couldn't but after this experience, we will not be trying to go back again.","['i called to make an appointment at the yonge location but it was full so i was referred to the eglinton location.', ""i called the day of my appointment to notify them that we would be late for our 1pm  massage and they said it was fine, as long as we got there by 1:30. when i arrived (before 1:30), the girl said they aren't able to do our treatment but to come back at 3, which we couldn't."", 'we told them we called and they said it was fine if we were half an hour late.', 'she showed us their handwritten agenda of the day, it turns out we were not even booked and there was another appointment booked at the same time.', 'the girl at the eglinton location said that the yonge location takes their calls and makes the appointments.', 'i called the manager and told her what had happened and she tried to convince us to go to the yonge location to be treated right away.', ""we were on a tight schedule so we couldn't but after this experience, we will not be trying to go back again.""]",7,6
492,Johnny's Shawarma,"We ordered 3 chicken shawarmas, a beef shawarma and a beef samosa. The beef samosa was very big and packed with meat. It was a bit spicy but not so strong that it would burn your mouth.

The shawarma wasn't that big compared to other places but I liked that it was warmed on a panini press first. They were 2 for $8.50 so for the price, it was good.","['we ordered 3 chicken shawarmas, a beef shawarma and a beef samosa.', 'the beef samosa was very big and packed with meat.', 'it was a bit spicy but not so strong that it would burn your mouth.', ""the shawarma wasn't that big compared to other places but i liked that it was warmed on a panini press first."", 'they were 2 for $8.50 so for the price, it was good.']",5,48
493,Foxley Bistro and Bar,"The Asian fusion aspect of the menu was not great.

1. Crab/avocado salad:
- Not bad but nothing special. Expensive for half an avocado and crab.

2. Lamb/duck prosciutto dumplings 
- Loaded with meat, crispy skin. I liked this one.

3. Taro fries
- The crispy ones were good but the thicker fries were chewy.

4. Ribs
- Expensive for 2 pieces of ribs. Very saucy and tender but wouldn't recommend this.

5. Steamed black cod
- Fish came in 2 pieces of aluminum foil. The small piece of fish was sitting in a pool of soup. The truffle oil was unnecessary and overpowering. Wouldn't recommend this. 

Overall:
We won't be returning due to the mediocre food and service.","['the asian fusion aspect of the menu was not great.', '1. crab/avocado salad: - not bad but nothing special.', 'expensive for half an avocado and crab.', '2. lamb/duck prosciutto dumplings  - loaded with meat, crispy skin.', 'i liked this one.', '5. steamed black cod - fish came in 2 pieces of aluminum foil.', 'the small piece of fish was sitting in a pool of soup.', 'the truffle oil was unnecessary and overpowering.', ""wouldn't recommend this."", ""overall: we won't be returning due to the mediocre food and service.""]",13,125
494,EatThai,"1) Pad Thai (vegetable + tofu) - $8.95
Noodles had good texture (not mushy). A lot of vegetables and a variety. The base was not spicy nor ketchupy. They put a lot of peanuts on top which I like. 

2) Thai iced tea - $3 
Cheaper than most places but it is smaller. Either the tea was brewed stronger or there was less evaporated milk because the tea was darker than usual and not as sweet. It was different than other places but still good though. 

Small restaurant, 20 or so seats. It was mostly empty on a Sunday night so we didn't have to wait and the service was good.","['1) pad thai (vegetable + tofu) - $8.95 noodles had good texture (not mushy).', 'a lot of vegetables and a variety.', 'the base was not spicy nor ketchupy.', 'they put a lot of peanuts on top which i like.', '2) thai iced tea - $3  cheaper than most places but it is smaller.', 'either the tea was brewed stronger or there was less evaporated milk because the tea was darker than usual and not as sweet.', 'it was different than other places but still good though.', 'small restaurant, 20 or so seats.', ""it was mostly empty on a sunday night so we didn't have to wait and the service was good.""]",9,30
495,Earls Kitchen + Bar,"Didn't know they had a brunch menu and happened to go at brunch time.

1. French toast
The french toast was filling and rich. The sourdough was good and not soggy. 

2. Wings
Small wings so they gave about 15 wings. Not bad but wish they were bigger.","[""didn't know they had a brunch menu and happened to go at brunch time."", '1. french toast the french toast was filling and rich.', 'the sourdough was good and not soggy.', '2. wings small wings so they gave about 15 wings.', 'not bad but wish they were bigger.']",5,145
496,Big Smoke Burger,"Burger week

1. Blazing Pineapple Burger ($5)
- Decent burger. Good size patty and bun. Only special addition was a grilled slice of pineapple which did add a nice touch to it. The sauce was spicy and can definitely feel the kick after every bite. 

Overall:
Not bad for a quick bite but wouldn't go out of the way to get it.","['burger week  1. blazing pineapple burger ($5) - decent burger.', 'good size patty and bun.', 'only special addition was a grilled slice of pineapple which did add a nice touch to it.', 'the sauce was spicy and can definitely feel the kick after every bite.', ""overall: not bad for a quick bite but wouldn't go out of the way to get it.""]",5,161
497,Matsuda Japanese Cuisine,"All You Can Eat and Lunch Special menus available. Prices on the website are for the Steeles location. The Don Mills location seemed a dollar or 2 more. 

Chicken Teriyaki Don (not Bentoh) comes with miso soup and salad. Bentoh comes with gyoza too. 
- Chicken was a bit burnt and dry
- There was enough teriyaki sauce to cover the chicken and rice 

Service was good. Very friendly staff that spoke English well. Decor is much more modern than the restaurant that was there before, Tako Sushi. 

May return for AYCE menu.","['all you can eat and lunch special menus available.', 'prices on the website are for the steeles location.', 'the don mills location seemed a dollar or 2 more.', 'chicken teriyaki don (not bentoh) comes with miso soup and salad.', 'bentoh comes with gyoza too.', '- chicken was a bit burnt and dry - there was enough teriyaki sauce to cover the chicken and rice   service was good.', 'very friendly staff that spoke english well.', 'decor is much more modern than the restaurant that was there before, tako sushi.', 'may return for ayce menu.']",9,200
498,Japas,"Kaki Furai (Deep fried oysters) - $8
I don't love oysters but I actually liked this. The batter was crispy and thin and the oysters weren't dried out.

6-pack - $12
The outside of the nori was encrusted with...I want to say it was panko. It didn't look like deep fried sushi rice on the outside to me.

Spicy tuna 2 styles - $6
The pieces on the far left/right were spicy and the inside pieces were plain. Reminded me of bruschetta. But better.

Wild Jumbo Shrimp Tempura - $8
I don't mind wasabi but I wish it was on the side. Otherwise, I liked the big shrimp and the batter.

Mini Okonomiyaki - $6
Nothing spectacular, but a bit too much bonito flakes

Yaki Scallop - $12
These scallops were too dry for my liking.

Salmon on rice in soup - ?
That's literally what it was to me. The broth was interesting. At the end of each bite, there was a floral scent. It was like flower-scented soup. Not bad, but just unexpected.

Service
The staff was friendly and attentive throughout the meal. It would've been nice if they had told us which dish was which without being asked.

Reservations
We had to call a few times before getting through to book a reservation. The deal said that reservations had to be made 24 hours in advance but we called in the afternoon and got a seat for 7pm. The place was pretty empty when we got there but was almost full by the time we left around 9. We assumed it would be busier later on as it was more of a late night eats place (5pm-2am).

Menu/prices
I probably wouldn't go back if I didn't have a group deal like the one we had. We ordered 8 dishes and a beer. The total was just shy of $70 so we each ended up paying around $20 (for the coupon itself and tax+tip).","[""kaki furai (deep fried oysters) - $8 i don't love oysters but i actually liked this."", ""the batter was crispy and thin and the oysters weren't dried out."", '6-pack - $12 the outside of the nori was encrusted with...i want to say it was panko.', ""menu/prices i probably wouldn't go back if i didn't have a group deal like the one we had."", 'we ordered 8 dishes and a beer.', 'the total was just shy of $70 so we each ended up paying around $20 (for the coupon itself and tax+tip).']",24,48
499,Nichiban Sushi4U,"Spider roll - $11.99
This roll was bigger than expected and I was definitely full from it. I was impressed with the crispiness of the batter around the softshell crab.

Service
The service was good. We were given a complimentary pan fried salmon head which was unexpected and a nice touch.","['spider roll - $11.99 this roll was bigger than expected and i was definitely full from it.', 'i was impressed with the crispiness of the batter around the softshell crab.', 'service the service was good.', 'we were given a complimentary pan fried salmon head which was unexpected and a nice touch.']",4,118
500,Swish By Han,"When I was looking for the menu online, most of the information out there was out of date. The prices have gone up $2-3.

Spicy pork neck tacos ($10 for 2 tacos)
I liked the amount of meat and cabbage in the tacos.

Spicy pork buns ($9) - 1 burger cut into quarters
I liked that the buns were soft. We tasted the same spicy sauce in the tacos as the tacos. It was good but didn't jump out at me.

Soo yook - 48-hour braised beef ($12)
I'd skip this one

""Galbi ssm"" set - short rib ($20)
I liked the galbi. Flavourful and not too much fat (I usually leave the fat behind).

Service
Our server could've been more friendly/pleasant. She wasn't rude but didn't appear very welcoming either. Maybe that's the casual vibe they're going for?

Reservations
They do take reservations, but when we arrived it didn't seem like we needed one on a Tuesday night around 7:45pm. I used OpenTable anyway to get points.","['when i was looking for the menu online, most of the information out there was out of date.', 'the prices have gone up $2-3.', 'spicy pork neck tacos ($10 for 2 tacos) i liked the amount of meat and cabbage in the tacos.', 'spicy pork buns ($9) - 1 burger cut into quarters i liked that the buns were soft.', 'we tasted the same spicy sauce in the tacos as the tacos.', ""service our server could've been more friendly/pleasant."", ""she wasn't rude but didn't appear very welcoming either."", ""maybe that's the casual vibe they're going for?"", ""reservations they do take reservations, but when we arrived it didn't seem like we needed one on a tuesday night around 7:45pm."", 'i used opentable anyway to get points.']",13,80
501,Tako Sushi Japanese Restaurant,"The food is not great but the price is ok. We don't come for the service but we don't have to wait for a seat during the Sunday lunch hour so it's bearable. If we have a group larger than 8, we get the party special. Otherwise the other lunch specials are reasonably priced (about $8-10).","[""the food is not great but the price is ok. we don't come for the service but we don't have to wait for a seat during the sunday lunch hour so it's bearable."", 'if we have a group larger than 8, we get the party special.', 'otherwise the other lunch specials are reasonably priced (about $8-10).']",3,58
502,850 Degrees Pizzeria,"On a Wednesday night, the restaurant was about half full so no wait needed for a table. The staff was great. 

Got a free delicious garlic bread with a Yelp check in. 

The small personal pizza is about 9-10 inches. 

Really like the simple minimalist decor.","['on a wednesday night, the restaurant was about half full so no wait needed for a table.', 'the staff was great.', 'got a free delicious garlic bread with a yelp check in.', 'the small personal pizza is about 9-10 inches.', 'really like the simple minimalist decor.']",5,144
503,The Bowl Korean Food,"I usually order the combo special of the day ($5.99-7.99). The meal is big enough for me to split into 2. It also comes with a small side of kimchi which you take yourself from the fridge. Combos come with miso soup, salad and jap chae (glass noodles). The fish/pork cutlets are huge and a lot of rice accompanies it. 

This is one of my go-to spots for lunch in St. Clair Centre. It's located in the food court, lower level. Tucked away behind a Chinese fast food place.","['i usually order the combo special of the day ($5.99-7.99).', 'the meal is big enough for me to split into 2. it also comes with a small side of kimchi which you take yourself from the fridge.', 'combos come with miso soup, salad and jap chae (glass noodles).', 'the fish/pork cutlets are huge and a lot of rice accompanies it.', 'this is one of my go-to spots for lunch in st. clair centre.', ""it's located in the food court, lower level."", 'tucked away behind a chinese fast food place.']",7,6
504,Jatujak,"Food: 
Lunch specials ranged from $7-9
Thai iced tea was $3.50 but we found it a bit watered down (not as much condensed milk or tea flavour as we would've liked)
Pad Thai: sweet and sauce and not ketchup based
Khao Soi: the noodles didn't seem like egg noodles but the overall flavour was good. There was some spice to it which we liked. The beef was ok, not too dry like most places. 

Service: 
We experienced good service and had no complaints. Our server patiently explained the items we weren't familiar with. 

Parking:
We went on a Sunday for lunch and there was ample parking in the small plaza's lot. 

Overall: we would go back to try some other dishes.","[""food:  lunch specials ranged from $7-9 thai iced tea was $3.50 but we found it a bit watered down (not as much condensed milk or tea flavour as we would've liked) pad thai: sweet and sauce and not ketchup based khao soi: the noodles didn't seem like egg noodles but the overall flavour was good."", 'there was some spice to it which we liked.', 'the beef was ok, not too dry like most places.', 'service:  we experienced good service and had no complaints.', ""our server patiently explained the items we weren't familiar with."", ""parking: we went on a sunday for lunch and there was ample parking in the small plaza's lot."", 'overall: we would go back to try some other dishes.']",7,245
505,Noodle Face Co,"I thought the the name of the place was clever. The words ""noodle"" and ""face"" sound the same in Cantonese. And repeating a noun in Cantonese is somhow parents would talk to their children. 

1. Jiajiang mien
- Not a lot of jiajiang sauce

2. Spicy noodles
- Noticeable amount of heat. Definitely big enough to share between 2 people with an average appetite. 

Overall:
Would rather head to Chinatown for noodles. Not a lot of seats, looked like under 50.","['i thought the the name of the place was clever.', 'the words ""noodle"" and ""face"" sound the same in cantonese.', 'and repeating a noun in cantonese is somhow parents would talk to their children.', '1. jiajiang mien - not a lot of jiajiang sauce  2. spicy noodles - noticeable amount of heat.', 'definitely big enough to share between 2 people with an average appetite.', 'overall: would rather head to chinatown for noodles.', 'not a lot of seats, looked like under 50.']",7,28
506,Thai Express,"Pad thai (beef)
- The beef used was tough and chewy. The pad thai was too saucy. Lunch special for pad thai is 6.59.","['pad thai (beef) - the beef used was tough and chewy.', 'the pad thai was too saucy.', 'lunch special for pad thai is 6.59.']",3,12
507,Pho Metro,"I come here regularly and usually order the Pad Thai or Bun (vermicelli) with shrimp on sugar cane, grilled pork and Vietnamese sausage. 

The Pad Thai is large enough for me to split into 2 meals (but if you're a big eater, you could finish it in one sitting). It's on the sweeter side and not the dry kind. There is a generous portion of meat.

The Bun with shrimp on sugar cane, grilled pork and sausage is good. A good variety and filling. 

The pho is good. Not too salty and the broth is clear, not muddy. 

The owners are friendly and accommodating as we usually come with a large group.","['i come here regularly and usually order the pad thai or bun (vermicelli) with shrimp on sugar cane, grilled pork and vietnamese sausage.', ""the pad thai is large enough for me to split into 2 meals (but if you're a big eater, you could finish it in one sitting)."", ""it's on the sweeter side and not the dry kind."", 'there is a generous portion of meat.', 'the bun with shrimp on sugar cane, grilled pork and sausage is good.', 'a good variety and filling.', 'the pho is good.', 'not too salty and the broth is clear, not muddy.', 'the owners are friendly and accommodating as we usually come with a large group.']",9,208
508,Hair Happiness,"I was going to try out this place after looking at Yelp and then was recommended by a friend. Asuke was my stylist and was great at recommending a hairstyle that suit me. 

I told him I was donating my hair and he was very careful in measuring the length. My wash was relaxing and not rushed. Asuke was detailed and spent a good amount of time on my hair. I was happy with the cut and the advice Asuke gave me on styling and taking care of my ends. 

I have never paid $50 for a haircut plus $12 wash before but since I hadn't cut my hair in 1-2 years, it was worth getting a quality cut.","['i was going to try out this place after looking at yelp and then was recommended by a friend.', 'asuke was my stylist and was great at recommending a hairstyle that suit me.', 'i told him i was donating my hair and he was very careful in measuring the length.', 'my wash was relaxing and not rushed.', 'asuke was detailed and spent a good amount of time on my hair.', 'i was happy with the cut and the advice asuke gave me on styling and taking care of my ends.', ""i have never paid $50 for a haircut plus $12 wash before but since i hadn't cut my hair in 1-2 years, it was worth getting a quality cut.""]",7,22
509,Miku,"I like aburi (torched) style sushi so I was excited for Miku. 

Came here at lunch on a weekday during the holidays and it wasn't very busy. We didn't make a reservation so we were seated near the chefs which is also away from the windows facing Queens Quay (could also be because we weren't dressed in suits?). 

The aburi was well done, not too torched. The seafood platter was good for sharing between 2-3 people. 

The staff was great but our food came out slowly.","['i like aburi (torched) style sushi so i was excited for miku.', ""came here at lunch on a weekday during the holidays and it wasn't very busy."", ""we didn't make a reservation so we were seated near the chefs which is also away from the windows facing queens quay (could also be because we weren't dressed in suits?)."", 'the aburi was well done, not too torched.', 'the seafood platter was good for sharing between 2-3 people.', 'the staff was great but our food came out slowly.']",6,549
510,Getoutside,"There are some good deals from time to time. Good selection in a small space. Always clearance bins outside. 

Some brands sold include: Tretorn, Hunters, Frye, Birkenstock, Converse, Toms, Uggs, etc","['there are some good deals from time to time.', 'good selection in a small space.', 'always clearance bins outside.', 'some brands sold include: tretorn, hunters, frye, birkenstock, converse, toms, uggs, etc']",4,11
511,Weslodge,"Ordered from the Summerlicious menu. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to the $35 price. 

There was nothing wrong with the food but the flavours didn't complement each other and the dishes weren't very special. We left disappointed. 

Service was fine and the staff was quick to clear our plates and utensils and replace them with a new set. 

Most likely won't return.","['ordered from the summerlicious menu.', ""unfortunately, it didn't live up to the $35 price."", ""there was nothing wrong with the food but the flavours didn't complement each other and the dishes weren't very special."", 'we left disappointed.', 'service was fine and the staff was quick to clear our plates and utensils and replace them with a new set.', ""most likely won't return.""]",6,225
512,Pho 88,"Nice decor but would rather pay less for the same dish at another location.

1. Vermicelli with spring roll and grilled pork 
- Crispy spring roll, pork was not dry. Noodles were not clumpy. 

Overall:
As nice as the decor is, the prices were higher than other similar pho restaurants and the menu was smaller. Service was good.","['nice decor but would rather pay less for the same dish at another location.', '1. vermicelli with spring roll and grilled pork  - crispy spring roll, pork was not dry.', 'noodles were not clumpy.', 'overall: as nice as the decor is, the prices were higher than other similar pho restaurants and the menu was smaller.', 'service was good.']",5,66
513,JOEY Don Mills,"I like the patio on a nice day. There can be quite the wait. 

I usually order the fish tacos or the seared tuna salad. The fish tacos are nicely battered and the dipping sauce provides a nice kick. 

The salad is filling for me and it's light and refreshing for the summer.","['i like the patio on a nice day.', 'there can be quite the wait.', 'i usually order the fish tacos or the seared tuna salad.', 'the fish tacos are nicely battered and the dipping sauce provides a nice kick.', ""the salad is filling for me and it's light and refreshing for the summer.""]",5,291
514,Rodney's Oyster House,"Oysters were fine. The hot sauces that went with them weren't very hot at all except for the hottest one. 

My smoked salmon didn't taste different than store bought ones. My homemade ice tea was unique. Not too sweet and wasn't l overpowered by lemon either. 

Our server was very nice and accommodating. She made some good suggestions to us. 

I'm not sure I would return. I may go back to Diana's Seafood instead.","['oysters were fine.', ""the hot sauces that went with them weren't very hot at all except for the hottest one."", ""my smoked salmon didn't taste different than store bought ones."", 'my homemade ice tea was unique.', ""not too sweet and wasn't l overpowered by lemon either."", 'our server was very nice and accommodating.', 'she made some good suggestions to us.', ""i'm not sure i would return."", ""i may go back to diana's seafood instead.""]",9,321
515,Agave Y Aguacate,"Expensive Mexican food. Ingredients and technique were good but execution could be improved. 

Ceviche verde
Nice big chunks of fish

Pollo en Pippian Rojo
The chicken was bland and the red sesame sauce/ancho chile didn't add much flavour, just spice. Could've used more salt (I usually don't need to add more salt to anything)","['expensive mexican food.', 'ingredients and technique were good but execution could be improved.', ""ceviche verde nice big chunks of fish  pollo en pippian rojo the chicken was bland and the red sesame sauce/ancho chile didn't add much flavour, just spice."", ""could've used more salt (i usually don't need to add more salt to anything)""]",4,36
516,Fisherman Villa,"I only come here because it is cheap and there isn't usually a wait or a very short wait. There is a tea surcharge but still ends up being cheaper for the same amount of food as other places. 

The quality is fine..especially for the price. 

There are about 3 large tables for groups of 8 or more. Mostly tables for 4-6. Some tables of 2 along the wall. 

Lots of parking (the plaza is mostly empty).","[""i only come here because it is cheap and there isn't usually a wait or a very short wait."", 'there is a tea surcharge but still ends up being cheaper for the same amount of food as other places.', 'the quality is fine..especially for the price.', 'there are about 3 large tables for groups of 8 or more.', 'mostly tables for 4-6. some tables of 2 along the wall.', 'lots of parking (the plaza is mostly empty).']",6,44
517,Athens Pastries,"1. Loukoumades (Fried dough balls with honey): fully soaked in the honey syrup and sprinkled with cinnamon. Good, but probably even better when warm. 

2. Galaktoboureko (Greek custard pie): Loaded with custard. The custard was not too sweet and wasn't like a smooth pudding consistency; it was thicker and not runny.","['1. loukoumades (fried dough balls with honey): fully soaked in the honey syrup and sprinkled with cinnamon.', 'good, but probably even better when warm.', '2. galaktoboureko (greek custard pie): loaded with custard.', ""the custard was not too sweet and wasn't like a smooth pudding consistency; it was thicker and not runny.""]",4,24
518,Kirei Sushi + Bar,"We had a reservation on a Friday night at 6:30 and the place was practically empty. We asked for a room which had space for our legs below. Service was fine. 

The food was fine. Nothing above and beyond what you would expect. The sashimi pieces were a good size. The sushi rolls didn't have too much rice. My tuna/avocado tartare appetizer was bland so it tasted like a tuna roll without the rice. 

I probably wouldn't come back.","['we had a reservation on a friday night at 6:30 and the place was practically empty.', 'we asked for a room which had space for our legs below.', 'service was fine.', 'the food was fine.', 'nothing above and beyond what you would expect.', 'the sashimi pieces were a good size.', ""the sushi rolls didn't have too much rice."", 'my tuna/avocado tartare appetizer was bland so it tasted like a tuna roll without the rice.', ""i probably wouldn't come back.""]",9,56
519,Bent,"Duck salad - $15
My favourite dish out of the 6 we ordered. The portion was bigger than I expected. A good mix of textures and flavours. Warning: peanuts.

Rare beef - $16
There were 4 slices of soft rare beef. I thought it was ok..probably wouldn't order it again.

Tartare 2 ways - $10
1) Spicy tuna with avocado on a crispy rice cake
2) Salmon with shallots on a crispy rice cake
I enjoyed the tartare and the deep fried rice added a nice crunch

Braised spiced short ribs - $22
This was my least favourite dish but it was probably because I was expecting thinly sliced short ribs (like galbi short ribs). 

Shanghainese steamed pork belly with sauteed brandy apples - $19
The pork belly was ok.  I don't like cooked apples so that didn't appeal to me. 

Our meal came with complimentary dessert (I believe every diner gets it) which was a nice surprise. 

Service
We went shortly after it opened so we weren't surprised when there were a few dishes that were delivered to us by mistake, but the staff was very friendly. Kai came out to chat with us and apologized that we couldn't take a photo with Susur because it was during the dinner rush. 

Menu/prices
Overall, I liked our meal. It's out of my price range so I probably wouldn't go back unless it was a special occasion.","['duck salad - $15 my favourite dish out of the 6 we ordered.', 'the portion was bigger than i expected.', 'a good mix of textures and flavours.', 'warning: peanuts.', 'rare beef - $16 there were 4 slices of soft rare beef.', 'our meal came with complimentary dessert (i believe every diner gets it) which was a nice surprise.', ""service we went shortly after it opened so we weren't surprised when there were a few dishes that were delivered to us by mistake, but the staff was very friendly."", ""kai came out to chat with us and apologized that we couldn't take a photo with susur because it was during the dinner rush."", 'menu/prices overall, i liked our meal.', ""it's out of my price range so i probably wouldn't go back unless it was a special occasion.""]",13,183
520,0109 Dessert & Chocolate,"1) Crepe 
- Nothing special about the crepe. The basic topping was jam. Costs ectra for toppings like fruit, nutella, etc.

2) Macarons
- Flavours sound unique but some were strange. Lavender was my favourite. 

3) Creme brule 
- The custard was ok. The brule could've been done better. It didn't taste like it was made to order.","['1) crepe  - nothing special about the crepe.', 'the basic topping was jam.', 'costs ectra for toppings like fruit, nutella, etc.', '2) macarons - flavours sound unique but some were strange.', 'lavender was my favourite.', ""3) creme brule  - the custard was ok. the brule could've been done better."", ""it didn't taste like it was made to order.""]",7,185
521,The Federal,"A small brunch spot.

Ordered the Smoked Trout Plate and Eggs Federal. The trout plate had a lot of trout and overall the meal was filling. 

The poached eggs in the Eggs Federal were overdone but the rest of the dish was good. 

Also got a house made root beer which was similar to a typical/common root beer but tastes more earthy.

We came at around 10am on a Tuesday (during the holidays) and we didn't have to wait for a table.","['a small brunch spot.', 'ordered the smoked trout plate and eggs federal.', 'the trout plate had a lot of trout and overall the meal was filling.', 'the poached eggs in the eggs federal were overdone but the rest of the dish was good.', 'also got a house made root beer which was similar to a typical/common root beer but tastes more earthy.', ""we came at around 10am on a tuesday (during the holidays) and we didn't have to wait for a table.""]",6,138
522,Lee Restaurant,"If I go back to Lee, I would only order the slaw again. The decor and ambiance in the main dining area are  Asian-inspired, as expected but also appears somewhat dated. 

1) Singaporean-style slaw

We ordered Chef Susur's famous signature dish, the Singaporean-style slaw ($20) and added tuna sashimi ($10). This slaw was very good. There are so many ingredients but they work well together and it was refreshing and light. 

The tuna sashimi was smoked on the outside and it didn't really add any flavour so I would probably skip that. The tuna does add a contrasting texture to the crunchy slaw. I arrived hungry and felt full after eating half of this dish.

Note: there are peanuts. 

2) Peking & Char Sui Duck ($29): Beijing duck garnish, steamed pancake, foie gras pt

This is not the same as what you would expect from a traditional Chinese restaurant style Peking duck. I didn't enjoy this very much. 

3) Warm Molten Chocolate Cake ($12): caramelized jackfruit & banana, vanilla bean ice cream

Nothing unique about this dessert but it was delicious anyway.","['if i go back to lee, i would only order the slaw again.', 'the decor and ambiance in the main dining area are  asian-inspired, as expected but also appears somewhat dated.', ""1) singaporean-style slaw  we ordered chef susur's famous signature dish, the singaporean-style slaw ($20) and added tuna sashimi ($10)."", 'this slaw was very good.', 'there are so many ingredients but they work well together and it was refreshing and light.', 'i arrived hungry and felt full after eating half of this dish.', 'note: there are peanuts.', '2) peking & char sui duck ($29): beijing duck garnish, steamed pancake, foie gras pt  this is not the same as what you would expect from a traditional chinese restaurant style peking duck.', ""i didn't enjoy this very much."", '3) warm molten chocolate cake ($12): caramelized jackfruit & banana, vanilla bean ice cream  nothing unique about this dessert but it was delicious anyway.']",12,528
523,L's Chinese Eatery,"For the price, the lunch specials are well worth it. Lunch specials are on until 3pm. 

We ordered some specials like ma-po tofu, General Tsao chicken and corn/fish on rice. All were priced between $5-6. 

The portions were good. My ma-po tofu was big enough to split into 2 meals. The staff was friendly but did get one of our orders wrong. To be fair we did have a group of 12. 

The restaurant is small but has 2 large round tables and a few smaller tables. The plaza doesn't have too much parking but the plaza isn't usually packed so we didn't have troubles finding a spot (but we did go on a Sunday). 

We'll come back because of the price and location.","['for the price, the lunch specials are well worth it.', 'lunch specials are on until 3pm.', 'we ordered some specials like ma-po tofu, general tsao chicken and corn/fish on rice.', 'all were priced between $5-6.', 'the portions were good.', 'my ma-po tofu was big enough to split into 2 meals.', 'the staff was friendly but did get one of our orders wrong.', 'to be fair we did have a group of 12.   the restaurant is small but has 2 large round tables and a few smaller tables.', ""the plaza doesn't have too much parking but the plaza isn't usually packed so we didn't have troubles finding a spot (but we did go on a sunday)."", ""we'll come back because of the price and location.""]",10,11
524,Pizzeria Libretto Danforth,"The nduja sausage pizza was very good. The thin crust was not too crispy and not too soft. 

Another favourite was the anchovie pizza but I wish there were more anchovies. 

The calamari appetizer was great for sharing for 2-3 people.","['the nduja sausage pizza was very good.', 'the thin crust was not too crispy and not too soft.', 'another favourite was the anchovie pizza but i wish there were more anchovies.', 'the calamari appetizer was great for sharing for 2-3 people.']",4,280
525,Heynoodles,"Customizable level of spiciness and niceness. Even a mild level of spice may be too much for someone who can't take much heat.
Ask for additional noodles at no charge. 
Can only pay by debit with minimum $20 purchase. 
The lamb noodle bowl was ok. The lamb smell wasn't that strong.","['customizable level of spiciness and niceness.', ""even a mild level of spice may be too much for someone who can't take much heat."", 'ask for additional noodles at no charge.', 'can only pay by debit with minimum $20 purchase.', ""the lamb noodle bowl was ok. the lamb smell wasn't that strong.""]",5,36
526,Cece Sushi,"A new grab 'n go sushi shop. Regular price: $3.99 for small boxes, 5.99 for large. Grand opening special, 40% off. Just opened this week so not too much variety yet but regular prices are better than other sushi joints. Quality is good so far from what I can tell. The ratio of rice to fish is fair. It's too early to make any concluding thoughts but will be back to get a quick bite.","[""a new grab 'n go sushi shop."", 'regular price: $3.99 for small boxes, 5.99 for large.', 'grand opening special, 40% off.', 'just opened this week so not too much variety yet but regular prices are better than other sushi joints.', 'quality is good so far from what i can tell.', 'the ratio of rice to fish is fair.', ""it's too early to make any concluding thoughts but will be back to get a quick bite.""]",7,8
527,Bong Lua Vietnamese Restaurant,I thought the pho here was ok. I came on a recommendation but didn't find the broth a standout. I did notice that it was empty at dinner time on a weeknight but filled up when we finished around 9pm.,"[""i thought the pho here was ok. i came on a recommendation but didn't find the broth a standout."", 'i did notice that it was empty at dinner time on a weeknight but filled up when we finished around 9pm.']",2,139
528,Rosewood Chinese Cuisine,"Pricing seems standard for Chinatown:

Monday - Friday* 9pm - 4pm (*Except holidays)
Dim Sum Special $2.00/dish

Monday - Friday: 4pm - close
Saturday - Sunday & Holiday
(S) $2.38 (M) $3.28 (L) $3.68

Overall:
The dishes were all as expected. Nothing too greasy or too dry. Went on a weeknight and it was mostly empty. They charge for tea but it's fine given the price of the dishes.","['pricing seems standard for chinatown:  monday - friday* 9pm - 4pm (*except holidays) dim sum special $2.00/dish  monday - friday: 4pm - close saturday - sunday & holiday (s) $2.38 (m) $3.28 (l) $3.68  overall: the dishes were all as expected.', 'nothing too greasy or too dry.', 'went on a weeknight and it was mostly empty.', ""they charge for tea but it's fine given the price of the dishes.""]",4,164
529,Figo,"I've been twice and was glad that the food was good both times. The prices are decent for the entertainment district and the quality of the food. 

The zucchini fritti was good but a bit too oily. 

Arancini came in 3s and it was nice for sharing. Not a must try though.

The prosciutto pizza was good. The crust was very thin so if you like thin crust, you may enjoy this.

Overall, pleasantly surprised and would prefer to come here over some of the other ""nice"" restaurants in the area.","[""i've been twice and was glad that the food was good both times."", 'the prices are decent for the entertainment district and the quality of the food.', 'the zucchini fritti was good but a bit too oily.', 'arancini came in 3s and it was nice for sharing.', 'not a must try though.', 'the prosciutto pizza was good.', 'the crust was very thin so if you like thin crust, you may enjoy this.', 'overall, pleasantly surprised and would prefer to come here over some of the other ""nice"" restaurants in the area.']",8,173
530,Yoko Japanese Restaurant,"1. Maki set
The maki sets contain large rolls but the rolls are similar so it almost feels like you ordered one type of roll. 

2. Sashimi boat
- Each piece was thick and evenly sliced 

Service
Great staff 

Decor
There are individual rooms with curtains or tables in the main dining area. 

They take reservations but we've never had to wait. The location is not the best but there is lots of parking.","['1. maki set the maki sets contain large rolls but the rolls are similar so it almost feels like you ordered one type of roll.', '2. sashimi boat - each piece was thick and evenly sliced   service great staff   decor there are individual rooms with curtains or tables in the main dining area.', ""they take reservations but we've never had to wait."", 'the location is not the best but there is lots of parking.']",4,45
531,Yamamoto Japanese Cuisine,"Service was rushed and the staff didn't clear the plates often so the table was full of piles of plates. This was towards the end of the night with an hour left of service. 

Last call was at 10 and the staff was turning down the restaurant even though closing is at 11. 

The food was ok. Some special rolls were interesting but the menu was about the same in quality and selection as other AYCE places. 

Overall, not a great experience and would not return.","[""service was rushed and the staff didn't clear the plates often so the table was full of piles of plates."", 'this was towards the end of the night with an hour left of service.', 'last call was at 10 and the staff was turning down the restaurant even though closing is at 11.   the food was ok. some special rolls were interesting but the menu was about the same in quality and selection as other ayce places.', 'overall, not a great experience and would not return.']",4,78
532,Eight Noodles,"Went on a Tuesday night at around 7:30pm. It was pretty full. Only a couple tables available (one was for a large group, one 2-person table). There are a few counter seats for single diners. 

1. Ma Po Tofu - $6.95
Very spicy. No ground beef like most places. Lots of chilli oil. Good but wish it had meat in it. 

2. Pork intestine, hand pulled noodle 
A small bowl had quite a lot of noodles. Not mushy noodles, firm texture. Pork intestine was a nice balance. Broth was flavorful but not too salty.","['went on a tuesday night at around 7:30pm.', 'it was pretty full.', 'only a couple tables available (one was for a large group, one 2-person table).', 'there are a few counter seats for single diners.', '1. ma po tofu - $6.95 very spicy.', 'good but wish it had meat in it.', '2. pork intestine, hand pulled noodle  a small bowl had quite a lot of noodles.', 'not mushy noodles, firm texture.', 'pork intestine was a nice balance.', 'broth was flavorful but not too salty.']",12,17
533,Sorn Thai Restaurant,"1. Coconut chicken soup ($9.95): coconut milk, lemongrass, ginger, chicken, mushroom
- Strong lemongrass flavour, very thin and watery consistency

2. Pad Thai ($10.45)
- Saucy and sweet","['1. coconut chicken soup ($9.95): coconut milk, lemongrass, ginger, chicken, mushroom - strong lemongrass flavour, very thin and watery consistency  2. pad thai ($10.45) - saucy and sweet']",1,96
534,India Garden,"Decent Indian food. Not incredible, but not bad, either.

I usually go for the lunch buffet ($8.95/person) since shelling out $50+ for a decent dinner for two doesn't give me the food for value I can get elsewhere in town.  As someone else mentioned, they have a late-night 1/2 off deal, but unless you want to eat dinner around midnight, it doesn't make too much sense.

Nothing stands out in my mind as a ""must have"" or ""to die for"".... But, on the flip side, nothing is a ""must miss"", either.","['decent indian food.', 'not incredible, but not bad, either.', ""i usually go for the lunch buffet ($8.95/person) since shelling out $50+ for a decent dinner for two doesn't give me the food for value i can get elsewhere in town."", ""as someone else mentioned, they have a late-night 1/2 off deal, but unless you want to eat dinner around midnight, it doesn't make too much sense."", 'nothing stands out in my mind as a ""must have"" or ""to die for"".... but, on the flip side, nothing is a ""must miss"", either.']",5,103
535,Lobello's Restaurant,"This place has been around for decades. And Coraopolis is full of Italians from the homeland. However, I don't know any of them that eat here regularly.

After the place was featured in Diners, Dives & Drive Ins, I figured what the heck, I'll give it a try. I won't make that same mistake again. The sauce was oily (as was shown in the episode) and bland and noodles were tasteless. Home made? Maybe. But not the way I do it. It wasn't the worst Italian I've ever had, buy definitely not up to Pittsburgh Italian standards.

How anyone could rate this 4 or 5 stars is beyond me.","['this place has been around for decades.', 'and coraopolis is full of italians from the homeland.', ""however, i don't know any of them that eat here regularly."", ""after the place was featured in diners, dives & drive ins, i figured what the heck, i'll give it a try."", ""i won't make that same mistake again."", 'home made?', 'maybe.', 'but not the way i do it.', ""it wasn't the worst italian i've ever had, buy definitely not up to pittsburgh italian standards."", 'how anyone could rate this 4 or 5 stars is beyond me.']",11,13
536,Carmody's Grille,"Love this place. Best new bar/restaurant in the area. Limited, but excellent, on tap beer list. Food is solid. Good vibe. If you haven't been, definitely give it a try. Similar to Good Fellas on Mt. Nebo Rd. acros the river.","['love this place.', 'best new bar/restaurant in the area.', 'limited, but excellent, on tap beer list.', 'food is solid.', 'good vibe.', ""if you haven't been, definitely give it a try."", 'similar to good fellas on mt.', 'nebo rd.', 'acros the river.']",9,44
537,Kaya,"Another one of my favorites in the Burgh. Kaya has been around for quite a while and it used to be a refueling stop for me on Christmas Eve before diving in with the shopping masses on Penn Avenue.

Their specialty, tropas, tropical tapas, were here way before Ibiza and all of the other tapas bars in town caught on with the idea of serving little dishes. Although, the tropas menu has been substantially reduced from Kaya's glory days, there are still some tasty treats on the menu. 

The tuna tataki (or whatever it's called) - sashimi tuna, seaweed, sesame seed, all chopped up and marinated in a soy-based sauce, served cold and with some crackers is great. I also like the conch fritters; and the tofu cracklins - deep fried tofu served with a sweet, chipotle sauce (a little too sweet and not spicy enough for me - nowhere near the heat of mapo doufu - but it is good nevertheless).

I have never tried any of their main dishes...so I can't comment on them. It's usually 3-4 tropas between me and the mrs.","['another one of my favorites in the burgh.', 'kaya has been around for quite a while and it used to be a refueling stop for me on christmas eve before diving in with the shopping masses on penn avenue.', 'their specialty, tropas, tropical tapas, were here way before ibiza and all of the other tapas bars in town caught on with the idea of serving little dishes.', ""although, the tropas menu has been substantially reduced from kaya's glory days, there are still some tasty treats on the menu."", ""the tuna tataki (or whatever it's called) - sashimi tuna, seaweed, sesame seed, all chopped up and marinated in a soy-based sauce, served cold and with some crackers is great."", 'i also like the conch fritters; and the tofu cracklins - deep fried tofu served with a sweet, chipotle sauce (a little too sweet and not spicy enough for me - nowhere near the heat of mapo doufu - but it is good nevertheless).', ""i have never tried any of their main dishes...so i can't comment on them."", ""it's usually 3-4 tropas between me and the mrs.""]",8,592
538,The Naked Grape,"I rarely give out 5 stars. It has to be incredible food and drinks or something so new and delicious that nothing else compares. With that being said, the Naked Grape was very good time, the place is intimate (maybe 10 tables total?), and also has a decent wine list for the Burgh.

The food was fresh and good, although portions were a tad on the small side, so we ended up sharing plates like a tapas bar and kept ordering until we were full. I would definitely go back for more. 

As others have mentioned, you can sit and eat at the bar, which is not a typical bar used to serve customers drinks before they are seated - it is definitely meant for dining and you can even reserve seats at the bar.

The owners, who were inspired to open the place after a few trips to Italy, were working that night and service was pleasant and attentive. It is a hidden gem and not your typical restaurant in the Burgh.","['i rarely give out 5 stars.', 'it has to be incredible food and drinks or something so new and delicious that nothing else compares.', 'with that being said, the naked grape was very good time, the place is intimate (maybe 10 tables total?', '), and also has a decent wine list for the burgh.', 'the food was fresh and good, although portions were a tad on the small side, so we ended up sharing plates like a tapas bar and kept ordering until we were full.', 'i would definitely go back for more.', 'as others have mentioned, you can sit and eat at the bar, which is not a typical bar used to serve customers drinks before they are seated - it is definitely meant for dining and you can even reserve seats at the bar.', 'the owners, who were inspired to open the place after a few trips to italy, were working that night and service was pleasant and attentive.', 'it is a hidden gem and not your typical restaurant in the burgh.']",9,6
539,Night Light,"Best burger in the O.P. hands down! Fire alarm burger mmmm.....it's in the old Wayne's Lounge / Mutzig's building for yinz old timers.  Hand made chips, fries, and burgers - always fresh never frozen.","['best burger in the o.p.', 'hands down!', ""fire alarm burger mmmm.....it's in the old wayne's lounge / mutzig's building for yinz old timers."", 'hand made chips, fries, and burgers - always fresh never frozen.']",4,7
540,The Capital Grille,"Excellent dry-aged beef. You won' find a better one in town. And you will pay dearly for it.

Similar in atmosphere and menu to Morton's, the Capital Grille is located on the ground floor of the former Lazarus building at the corner of Wood & Fifth.

Expect dark paneled wood, a massively overpriced (300% and up) wine list, and oil paintings of Pittsburgh's forefathers (including Mr. Rogers).  The little things, like impeccable service by the bartenders, and umbrellas to your car on rainy nights by the valet staff, are refereshing. 

Regarding the food - appetizers were just ok. I'd give a big thumbs up to the any of the dry aged steaks (simple and delicious and the house speciality) and a thumbs down to the Filet Oscar (Filet Mignon topped with lump crabmeat and a bearnaise sauce).  Also, please do yourself a favor and order the truffle fries (if you like truffles) - these are to die for. Desserts are nothing special - I'd give a pass on the key lime pie. 

When I go back, it's straight to the dry aged steak and truffle fries for me.","['excellent dry-aged beef.', ""you won' find a better one in town."", 'and you will pay dearly for it.', ""similar in atmosphere and menu to morton's, the capital grille is located on the ground floor of the former lazarus building at the corner of wood & fifth."", ""expect dark paneled wood, a massively overpriced (300% and up) wine list, and oil paintings of pittsburgh's forefathers (including mr. rogers)."", 'the little things, like impeccable service by the bartenders, and umbrellas to your car on rainy nights by the valet staff, are refereshing.', ""regarding the food - appetizers were just ok. i'd give a big thumbs up to the any of the dry aged steaks (simple and delicious and the house speciality) and a thumbs down to the filet oscar (filet mignon topped with lump crabmeat and a bearnaise sauce)."", 'also, please do yourself a favor and order the truffle fries (if you like truffles) - these are to die for.', ""desserts are nothing special - i'd give a pass on the key lime pie."", ""when i go back, it's straight to the dry aged steak and truffle fries for me.""]",10,251
541,Rea's Restaurant,"One of my favorite places for breakfast in the area.  No frills, Mancini toast, reasonable prices (like $4 to $7 per person)

If you are really hungry, try the 3-egg scramble (3 scrambled eggs mixed with grilled onions, peppers, sliced italian sausage, and melted cheddar cheese) - with Mancini toast (and butter). If you finish all of it, you probably won't need to eat again until dinner.

The 2 & 3 egg combos are also good. Sandwiches for lunch are not bad, but breakfast is definitely a better call.","['one of my favorite places for breakfast in the area.', 'no frills, mancini toast, reasonable prices (like $4 to $7 per person)  if you are really hungry, try the 3-egg scramble (3 scrambled eggs mixed with grilled onions, peppers, sliced italian sausage, and melted cheddar cheese) - with mancini toast (and butter).', ""if you finish all of it, you probably won't need to eat again until dinner."", 'the 2 & 3 egg combos are also good.', 'sandwiches for lunch are not bad, but breakfast is definitely a better call.']",5,13
542,Crepes Parisiennes,"Unless you've been here before, let me warn you about the ""unspoken house rules"": 

1. Order first (do not try and sit down).
2. Wait for your food while standing.
3. Find a seat (if one is available).

Under no circumstances should you sit down before placing an order. And if the place is full, don't try and sit down without food in your hands, unless you want to be made an example of.

My wife and I (who frequent restaurants several times a week) have never experienced anyone quite as rude as the woman behind the counter at this place.  We had never been here before and when we walked in, my wife sat down at a table and I went up to place our order.

Little did I know the house rules (see above) and after the people in front of me ordered, the obnoxious cashier pointed to our table and to another table (of newbies) and said to the person who just placed the order: ""you can either sit there or there"", with the tact of, say, General Patton. She never asked us to get up or explained the ""unwritten rules"" to us.  An ""excuse me, but you need to order first before you sit down"" would have sufficed.

So, my wife got up and we walked out of this place. The food could very well be good - but with waitstaff like this woman - there are plentty of other places around town with not-so crummy service that I'd prefer to spend my money.","['unless you\'ve been here before, let me warn you about the ""unspoken house rules"":   1. order first (do not try and sit down).', '2. wait for your food while standing.', '3. find a seat (if one is available).', 'under no circumstances should you sit down before placing an order.', ""and if the place is full, don't try and sit down without food in your hands, unless you want to be made an example of."", 'little did i know the house rules (see above) and after the people in front of me ordered, the obnoxious cashier pointed to our table and to another table (of newbies) and said to the person who just placed the order: ""you can either sit there or there"", with the tact of, say, general patton.', 'she never asked us to get up or explained the ""unwritten rules"" to us.', 'an ""excuse me, but you need to order first before you sit down"" would have sufficed.', 'so, my wife got up and we walked out of this place.', ""the food could very well be good - but with waitstaff like this woman - there are plentty of other places around town with not-so crummy service that i'd prefer to spend my money.""]",12,71
543,Gibby's Good Eats N Treats,"If you love well done burgers, then this is the place for you. Also, if you love homemade potato chips instead of fries.... Me not so much.

Don't get me wrong, the food is not bad. The five alarm burger is nicely spiced. But forgot asking for med rare or medium burgers. You're getting well done like it or not.","['if you love well done burgers, then this is the place for you.', 'also, if you love homemade potato chips instead of fries.... me not so much.', ""don't get me wrong, the food is not bad."", 'the five alarm burger is nicely spiced.', 'but forgot asking for med rare or medium burgers.', ""you're getting well done like it or not.""]",6,16
544,Andy's Sushi Bar,"Let me preface this by saying I love sushi. Nobu Matsuhisa and Kazunori Nozawa are two guys I used to visit frequently in LA for the good stuff.  I mean the really really good stuff. Andy's Sushi Bar ain't in the same galaxy.

However, I must say, Andy is the man. How can you go wrong with a take-out only sushi restaurant inside the largest fresh fish market in town (Wholey's)? Especially in a town like Pittsburgh which doesn't come to mind when you think fresh sushi.

I've had my fair share of nasty fish around town. Even in some nice places that looked like the fish should have tasted better (and fresher) than it was. Then I found Andy. No frills, no bar, but hey, the fish is as fresh as you're gonna get in these parts of the USA.

People seem to line-up for his endless list of rolls - and there are plenty. I never got why someone would order a Fried Chicken Roll. Personally, I prefer the lunch special which includes 8 pieces of nigiri sushi (whatever is fresh that day....usually yellowtail, tuna, salmon and eel), as well as eight pieces of some roll Andy throws together in front of you - like a spicy California Roll or Salmon and Cucumber Roll. You get what he thinks is the freshest catch of the day. Total is around $14.00 for this particular order.

And one other word of caution, especially around holidays and on Fridays, Wholey's can be jammed with people - I mean packed - so if you don't like crowds, or if you don't like standing in line to order your food and watch Andy make it fresh - then CALL AHEAD and place your order for pick-up. 

There is also a decent sized dining room upstairs (paper covered tables) that you can eat in if you don't want to take the food to go.","['let me preface this by saying i love sushi.', 'nobu matsuhisa and kazunori nozawa are two guys i used to visit frequently in la for the good stuff.', 'i mean the really really good stuff.', 'total is around $14.00 for this particular order.', ""and one other word of caution, especially around holidays and on fridays, wholey's can be jammed with people - i mean packed - so if you don't like crowds, or if you don't like standing in line to order your food and watch andy make it fresh - then call ahead and place your order for pick-up."", ""there is also a decent sized dining room upstairs (paper covered tables) that you can eat in if you don't want to take the food to go.""]",18,62
545,Social House Seven,"Great place in da Burgh! Took the whole family. Sushi, yellowtail collar, salmon udon, mmmmmmm. Stay away from the wings..... but a great place on a warm summer night. Love it!","['great place in da burgh!', 'took the whole family.', 'sushi, yellowtail collar, salmon udon, mmmmmmm.', 'stay away from the wings..... but a great place on a warm summer night.', 'love it!']",5,226
546,Big Dog Coffee,"The best coffeehouse in the Burgh, hands down.

If you love Starbucks, stay away. The is not your run of the mill same old, same old coffee chain ala Starbucks, Caribou, Crazy Mocha, etc. etc. tt is the one and only and it shows.

It took more than a year to renovate this South Side loft into a very comfortable and neighborhood feeling coffeehouse and you can tell down to the minute details. From the real fireplace (I am sitting next to as I type) to the handmade coffee bar when you first walk in, Big Dog is something better experienced than described.

Everything is made fresh on premises, including the pastries and soups. If you are in the area and looking for a really good cup of coffee or my personal favorite - Mocha Bianca - stop in. You won't be disappointed.","['the best coffeehouse in the burgh, hands down.', 'if you love starbucks, stay away.', 'the is not your run of the mill same old, same old coffee chain ala starbucks, caribou, crazy mocha, etc.', 'etc.', 'tt is the one and only and it shows.', 'it took more than a year to renovate this south side loft into a very comfortable and neighborhood feeling coffeehouse and you can tell down to the minute details.', 'from the real fireplace (i am sitting next to as i type) to the handmade coffee bar when you first walk in, big dog is something better experienced than described.', 'everything is made fresh on premises, including the pastries and soups.', 'if you are in the area and looking for a really good cup of coffee or my personal favorite - mocha bianca - stop in.', ""you won't be disappointed.""]",10,237
547,4th Avenue Grille,This place has been sold once sold twice sold sold sold. And the food has going more downhill than Kyle Rasmussen at Incline Village circa 1982..... give it a pass.,"['this place has been sold once sold twice sold sold sold.', 'and the food has going more downhill than kyle rasmussen at incline village circa 1982..... give it a pass.']",2,11
548,Azul Bar Y Cantina,"Without question, the best, and most authentic, Mexican restaurant in town. We're not talking Mexico City Mexican, we're talking Baja California Mexican.

The menu is quite simple and the food is awesome. The margaritas are small, potent, and pricey - but worth it.

My favorite dishes include: the shrimp cocktail appetizer with chips (good for sharing), and the mahi-mahi fish tacos. The burritos are huge and also recommended - try the surf n turf, wet (red sauce). It is enough for 2 to share (especially if you have starters).

No reservations are accepted, so if you go on a Fri or Sat night, be prepared to have a few cocktails at the bar.

Also, if you are a fan of chains like Mad Mex or Don Pablos, I wouldn't recommend trying Azul. You will come out of this place saying the prices are too high and the portions are too small. 

If you prefer quality over quantity, Azul cannot be beat (unless you fly to LA or head south of the border).","['without question, the best, and most authentic, mexican restaurant in town.', ""we're not talking mexico city mexican, we're talking baja california mexican."", 'the menu is quite simple and the food is awesome.', 'the margaritas are small, potent, and pricey - but worth it.', 'my favorite dishes include: the shrimp cocktail appetizer with chips (good for sharing), and the mahi-mahi fish tacos.', 'it is enough for 2 to share (especially if you have starters).', 'no reservations are accepted, so if you go on a fri or sat night, be prepared to have a few cocktails at the bar.', ""also, if you are a fan of chains like mad mex or don pablos, i wouldn't recommend trying azul."", 'you will come out of this place saying the prices are too high and the portions are too small.', 'if you prefer quality over quantity, azul cannot be beat (unless you fly to la or head south of the border).']",11,124
549,Henderson Nissan,"Never...Never....Never consider this dealership sales department.  They should be working at a used car lot in the boondocks.  Run for the hills!  I honestly believe we were racially profiled and gender profiled.  They don't respect customers who just want the ""bottom line"".  They want to play patty cake and pretend it is negotiations.  It is plastered all over their wall, (literally) painted that they respect their customers.  I guess if you see and read something everyday you actually believe you are demonstrating those values.  SOOO NOT TRUE!  Find another dealership where they respect the intelligence of women and others.

Oh yeah,  they tried to keep us at the dealership, by pretending that we had taken the keys to the test drive vehicle.............HILARIOUS!  

Only thing I can say is that Ruben in service is very committed to customer service.  He has gone above and beyond to help my daughter.  Maybe he can teach the guys in the front about ethics.","['never...never....never consider this dealership sales department.', 'they should be working at a used car lot in the boondocks.', 'run for the hills!', 'i honestly believe we were racially profiled and gender profiled.', 'they don\'t respect customers who just want the ""bottom line"".', 'find another dealership where they respect the intelligence of women and others.', 'oh yeah,  they tried to keep us at the dealership, by pretending that we had taken the keys to the test drive vehicle.............hilarious!', 'only thing i can say is that ruben in service is very committed to customer service.', 'he has gone above and beyond to help my daughter.', 'maybe he can teach the guys in the front about ethics.']",14,185
550,AG Jeans,"Typically I purchase my gear at Nordstrom. While in Vegas for a business meeting I needed a pair of jeans. It was nice to see an AG stand alone store. Staff was extremely helpful and efficient. Go see Aubree, she was a huge help!!","['typically i purchase my gear at nordstrom.', 'while in vegas for a business meeting i needed a pair of jeans.', 'it was nice to see an ag stand alone store.', 'staff was extremely helpful and efficient.', 'go see aubree, she was a huge help!', '!']",6,12
551,Enoteca Cava Turacciolo,"One of the most wonderful hidden gems in all of Europe.  You'd almost miss it (we stumbled upon it accidentally.)  The owner is extremely welcoming and friendly, and will discuss wines and offer tastings.  The small bites and apps are amazing.  They'll also ship wine internationally, in case you fall in love with their own label from their winery nearby.","['one of the most wonderful hidden gems in all of europe.', ""you'd almost miss it (we stumbled upon it accidentally.)"", 'the owner is extremely welcoming and friendly, and will discuss wines and offer tastings.', 'the small bites and apps are amazing.', ""they'll also ship wine internationally, in case you fall in love with their own label from their winery nearby.""]",5,16
552,Menagerie Pet Shop,"I have shopped here since 1998 when I got back into keeping tropical fish in a live plant environment. after a few year's off.

I like that incoming livestock are kept in quarantine after arriving, that I can ask to be told when a particular species becomes available, that the staff are so knowledgeable and enjoy discussing the hobby, even though I notice some impatient shoppers just wanting to grab and go. 

Reminds me of the now closed Pirrhana on Avenue Road that was run by a hobbyist, or Fintastic in the east end run by Mike.

Harold the head guy has saved a couple ailing fish with clear advice.

Just in case this seems too high a rating, keep in mind that I have seen a lot of fish shops since I began the hobby sixty years ago.

And plant and fish prices seem as fair as elsewhere.","['i have shopped here since 1998 when i got back into keeping tropical fish in a live plant environment.', ""after a few year's off."", 'i like that incoming livestock are kept in quarantine after arriving, that i can ask to be told when a particular species becomes available, that the staff are so knowledgeable and enjoy discussing the hobby, even though i notice some impatient shoppers just wanting to grab and go.', 'reminds me of the now closed pirrhana on avenue road that was run by a hobbyist, or fintastic in the east end run by mike.', 'harold the head guy has saved a couple ailing fish with clear advice.', 'just in case this seems too high a rating, keep in mind that i have seen a lot of fish shops since i began the hobby sixty years ago.', 'and plant and fish prices seem as fair as elsewhere.']",7,36
553,New Generation Sushi,"Here sushi equates to much ice-cold rice with very skimpy bits of fish on top. Had to ask waitress for wasabi and ginger and given inadequate amount.
Salad floating in dressing, bland miso soup.

Slow service.

A year or two ago one could get a decent lunch here.","['here sushi equates to much ice-cold rice with very skimpy bits of fish on top.', 'had to ask waitress for wasabi and ginger and given inadequate amount.', 'salad floating in dressing, bland miso soup.', 'slow service.', 'a year or two ago one could get a decent lunch here.']",5,215
554,Skin+Bones,"Creative cooking. Modern cool joint with pleasant staff. 

Loved the soft small gnocchi with 'nduja- though I found only a tiny morsel of this delicacy in the savoury sauce- and my friend enjoyed the Ontario perch which is difficult to cook well. Asparagus side imaginatively broiled and seasoned, al dente very yummy.

Overall very good food and a fresh approach though 25% overpriced on many items , the perpetual problem of focusing on decor that costs $$$ to build in.

Give it a try, I will return despite the cost issue.","['creative cooking.', 'modern cool joint with pleasant staff.', ""loved the soft small gnocchi with 'nduja- though i found only a tiny morsel of this delicacy in the savoury sauce- and my friend enjoyed the ontario perch which is difficult to cook well."", 'asparagus side imaginatively broiled and seasoned, al dente very yummy.', 'overall very good food and a fresh approach though 25% overpriced on many items , the perpetual problem of focusing on decor that costs $$$ to build in.', 'give it a try, i will return despite the cost issue.']",6,165
555,Pho Rua Vang Golden Turtle,"I am very pleased to have found this restaurant which is several cuts above other pho joints I have eaten in in the past thirty years. 

It starts with brilliant pho broth: here is a very complex , low salt highly complex broth . It reminds me of the broth used by the sadly gone White Lotus on Lansdowne that was my flagship spot  for excellence until it closed about three years ago.
Anyway hooray for excellent golden turtle broth. I had the soup last time which brought me back today.

I tend to evaluate using two or three standard dishes and today it was vermicelli with grilled pork, grilled shrimp and spring rolls. Verdict: massive shrimp lightly grilled, lots of tender pork and as in earlier visits very plump non- greasy spring rolls which I dipped in Hoisen sauce as an experiment.

My bowl of Bun had lots of mint and bean sprouts, and the accompanying sauce was not too vinegary all well balanced.

Overall extremely satisfying and served up with flair and professional skill in a very busy lunch hour. 

So I will go again though it puzzles me to see some negative reviewers dissing this place for another pho joint nearby. Guys, stay out of the commercial rivalry and avoid negativity! Life's too short.","['i am very pleased to have found this restaurant which is several cuts above other pho joints i have eaten in in the past thirty years.', 'it starts with brilliant pho broth: here is a very complex , low salt highly complex broth .', 'it reminds me of the broth used by the sadly gone white lotus on lansdowne that was my flagship spot  for excellence until it closed about three years ago.', 'anyway hooray for excellent golden turtle broth.', 'i had the soup last time which brought me back today.', 'my bowl of bun had lots of mint and bean sprouts, and the accompanying sauce was not too vinegary all well balanced.', 'overall extremely satisfying and served up with flair and professional skill in a very busy lunch hour.', 'so i will go again though it puzzles me to see some negative reviewers dissing this place for another pho joint nearby.', 'guys, stay out of the commercial rivalry and avoid negativity!', ""life's too short.""]",12,274
556,Maido Japanese Restaurant,"What makes a really goog neighborhood joint? For me it's not just quality cooking and decent prices- it's the sense of being welcomed and appreciated.

I have been dropping by for lunch three or four days a month often with a friend since the current owners remodeled the former Tokyo Sushi opposite  St, Paul's Chuch (where Tafelmusik plays).

The food decor and atmosphere have stepped up greatly. I have tried many items but my fave is the Chef Combi with salmon teriyaki and sushi. it includes generous sashimi as well. Many veggie items too.

Only a light dinner needed after such a feast.

No friend has ever disliked Maido and my friends are 
Mostly picky foodies. 

Anyway, it's my kind of low-key friendly place, give it a try.","['what makes a really goog neighborhood joint?', ""for me it's not just quality cooking and decent prices- it's the sense of being welcomed and appreciated."", ""i have been dropping by for lunch three or four days a month often with a friend since the current owners remodeled the former tokyo sushi opposite  st, paul's chuch (where tafelmusik plays)."", 'the food decor and atmosphere have stepped up greatly.', 'i have tried many items but my fave is the chef combi with salmon teriyaki and sushi.', 'it includes generous sashimi as well.', 'many veggie items too.', 'only a light dinner needed after such a feast.', 'no friend has ever disliked maido and my friends are  mostly picky foodies.', ""anyway, it's my kind of low-key friendly place, give it a try.""]",10,58
557,Sea Witch Fish and Chips,"Having read raves I decided to eat at Sea Witch on a quiet Lunch hour. 
There was  only  one other diner and about five staff.

No big deal being served , right?

Not that there was much effort to break off conversation and speak to me as I waited for a welcome. Finally ordered and having confirmed with the pleasant cashier that yes I would like tartar sauce, I was then asked by two different servers if I happened to want tartar sauce. 

It seems that the staff don't pay much attention.

 I told the last one that I had been asked twice already and received no reply, though in the end the sauce was supplied.

Pacific haddock was tasty but more batter than fish and the chips were lukewarm, far from piping hot as they need to be for taste and texture.

Slackness kills reputations, the decor and concept are good but the execution left much to be desired.","['having read raves i decided to eat at sea witch on a quiet lunch hour.', 'there was  only  one other diner and about five staff.', 'no big deal being served , right?', 'not that there was much effort to break off conversation and speak to me as i waited for a welcome.', 'finally ordered and having confirmed with the pleasant cashier that yes i would like tartar sauce, i was then asked by two different servers if i happened to want tartar sauce.', ""it seems that the staff don't pay much attention."", 'i told the last one that i had been asked twice already and received no reply, though in the end the sauce was supplied.', 'pacific haddock was tasty but more batter than fish and the chips were lukewarm, far from piping hot as they need to be for taste and texture.', 'slackness kills reputations, the decor and concept are good but the execution left much to be desired.']",9,94
558,Butler's Pantry,"Pleasant staff, decent food and fair prices, yet what might have been a perfect brunch on a warm summer Sunday today  was considerably diminished by many wasps swarming the patio tables.

I was told the owners refuses to use wasp traps or even one of the effective fake wasp gadgets that keeps wasps away.
It's not even an expensive fix to protect diners so what's going on here?

It's a matter of time before someone gets stung and sues for damages.

Too bad, but shows a lack of care for customers!!

I down rated the place by two stars for that reason.","['pleasant staff, decent food and fair prices, yet what might have been a perfect brunch on a warm summer sunday today  was considerably diminished by many wasps swarming the patio tables.', 'i was told the owners refuses to use wasp traps or even one of the effective fake wasp gadgets that keeps wasps away.', ""it's not even an expensive fix to protect diners so what's going on here?"", ""it's a matter of time before someone gets stung and sues for damages."", 'too bad, but shows a lack of care for customers!!', 'i down rated the place by two stars for that reason.']",6,39
559,Restaurant Soba,"I don't understand why this restaurant has such bad reviews. I live next door so I pick up food fairly often. Everything I've tried has been really tasty. (General Tao, shrimp in lobster sauce, noodles, sushi...)","[""i don't understand why this restaurant has such bad reviews."", 'i live next door so i pick up food fairly often.', ""everything i've tried has been really tasty."", '(general tao, shrimp in lobster sauce, noodles, sushi...)']",4,31
560,El Chalateco,"Great food at a great price! 
I had brunch there and got 2 eggs, plantains, beans, half an avocado, cheese, and a chicken tamale. I asked for scrambled eggs and to my surprise they added tomatoes and peppers. Everything tasted great! It's a good change from the regular brunch staples.","['great food at a great price!', 'i had brunch there and got 2 eggs, plantains, beans, half an avocado, cheese, and a chicken tamale.', 'i asked for scrambled eggs and to my surprise they added tomatoes and peppers.', 'everything tasted great!', ""it's a good change from the regular brunch staples.""]",5,18
561,Home Of The Brave,"WAYYYYY too much hype about this place!! Seriously though... No seriously. 

Only good thing about this place is how they are good at making the portions look decent in the photos lol

Service: 
the waitress was no offense an airhead she was so distracted looking around at people seemed to have a bad case of ADHD

She knew nothing about her drinks list or about the food ... Was gone when we kept trying to order more food (we had to order with the bar back because she took so long to show up)



FOOD: 
Tater tots :  meh not worth it 
Cauliflower app: meh over cooked and nothing special 
Corn bread: alright but really not worth it .... Unless you are feeding tweety bird. 


Kentucky handshake sandwich: not worth the price (it's literally Kentucky fried chicken ... Like might as well go there and pay $6 instead of basically $15 to look at some arm ) lol 

Chicken and Waffles : portion is not worth it flavor was alright nothing mind blowing (go to the Kensington market one ... WAYYY better and much more for your money) 
 
Red Funnel cake : save your money .... Tiny over cooked and completely over drizzled with icing ... Yuck  worst thing I have ever had in the funnel cake department.


We ordered more food but honestly don't waste your time ... Just go somewhere else.... Not worth even going on about how bad it was.","['wayyyyy too much hype about this place!!', 'seriously though... no seriously.', 'only good thing about this place is how they are good at making the portions look decent in the photos lol  service:  the waitress was no offense an airhead she was so distracted looking around at people seemed to have a bad case of adhd  she knew nothing about her drinks list or about the food ... was gone when we kept trying to order more food (we had to order with the bar back because she took so long to show up)    food:  tater tots :  meh not worth it  cauliflower app: meh over cooked and nothing special  corn bread: alright but really not worth it .... unless you are feeding tweety bird.', ""kentucky handshake sandwich: not worth the price (it's literally kentucky fried chicken ... like might as well go there and pay $6 instead of basically $15 to look at some arm ) lol   chicken and waffles : portion is not worth it flavor was alright nothing mind blowing (go to the kensington market one ... wayyy better and much more for your money)    red funnel cake : save your money .... tiny over cooked and completely over drizzled with icing ... yuck  worst thing i have ever had in the funnel cake department."", ""we ordered more food but honestly don't waste your time ... just go somewhere else.... not worth even going on about how bad it was.""]",5,203
562,Kintako Japanese Restaurant,"Service was really great fast quick friendly but the food was a terrible..... 

Blanco roll was the worst..  it's like someone squished egg, tuna from a can and panko crumbs and made it a roll.... As if that's not bad enough they make it resemble some back ally hotdog by adding pickled jalapeo to it.... Gross if you like fish cakes and hotdogs this roll is for you. If not I highly recommend staying away. 

If they made it simple with avocado raw fish and other non over powering tastes then sliced raw jalapeo over it then torched the butter fish it would probably be the best sushi roll here. 

Volcano roll was okay but really over done with the sauce quantity which took away from enjoying fish ... Which is why I go out for sushi. 

The sashimi plater (30 pieces) was pretty bad aside from the octopus and 3 of the 9 cuts of salmon.... Everything else was off temperature. 

Complimentary salad was small cute and good. 

The miso soup was good. 

Tea was average. 

Ginger is really good here.

Wasabi is really weak here. 


I hope the chef seriously considers the suggestion I made about the less sauce and torched raw jalapeo.... Ja Bistro has mastered it and it's incredible.... Maybe the chef should check it out and see what I mean. 

Would not recommend this place. Will not be coming back.","[""service was really great fast quick friendly but the food was a terrible.....   blanco roll was the worst..  it's like someone squished egg, tuna from a can and panko crumbs and made it a roll.... as if that's not bad enough they make it resemble some back ally hotdog by adding pickled jalapeo to it.... gross if you like fish cakes and hotdogs this roll is for you."", 'if not i highly recommend staying away.', 'if they made it simple with avocado raw fish and other non over powering tastes then sliced raw jalapeo over it then torched the butter fish it would probably be the best sushi roll here.', 'volcano roll was okay but really over done with the sauce quantity which took away from enjoying fish ... which is why i go out for sushi.', 'the sashimi plater (30 pieces) was pretty bad aside from the octopus and 3 of the 9 cuts of salmon.... everything else was off temperature.', 'ginger is really good here.', 'wasabi is really weak here.', ""i hope the chef seriously considers the suggestion i made about the less sauce and torched raw jalapeo.... ja bistro has mastered it and it's incredible.... maybe the chef should check it out and see what i mean."", 'would not recommend this place.', 'will not be coming back.']",13,127
563,Pai Northern Thai Kitchen,"I was on the phone trying to order with Khao San Road for over 30 mins calling back over and over again. No one picked up. Called here they picked up on the third ring took my order and had it ready in 15mins with a smile on their faces. 

^ that is service worth  great job! 

Will defiantly be coming here more often.","['i was on the phone trying to order with khao san road for over 30 mins calling back over and over again.', 'no one picked up.', 'called here they picked up on the third ring took my order and had it ready in 15mins with a smile on their faces.', '^ that is service worth  great job!', 'will defiantly be coming here more often.']",5,1837
564,Nova Era Bakery,"Always great friendly service and fresh baked bread and desserts everyday. 

Highly recommend the custard cakes they are the closest thing I have ever tried to the original Pastis de Belm in Lisboa  

The rice flour cake is also really good and a good option for those whom do not like cake too sweet. 


The bean cakes are great here too!  orange, almond, and a few others I have tried are all good. 


Can't go wrong with Nova Era","['always great friendly service and fresh baked bread and desserts everyday.', 'highly recommend the custard cakes they are the closest thing i have ever tried to the original pastis de belm in lisboa    the rice flour cake is also really good and a good option for those whom do not like cake too sweet.', 'the bean cakes are great here too!', 'orange, almond, and a few others i have tried are all good.', ""can't go wrong with nova era""]",5,40
565,Aroma Espresso Bar,"-6 stars ...I have come here several times....


The staff is friendly. However, I feel they have not been properly trained in making the drinks they sell. 

The coffee beans are good quality however, sometimes the load is packed to tight and the espresso comes out with a burnt taste. Other times in a latte it is either too over heated or comes out like a cappuccino. 

In the simplest way put very inconsistent and not in anyway good. 


Some of the desserts are really over priced for the quality and quantity you are getting (i.e. Small Almond croissant $4.20) 


Today I ordered an Early Grey. The earl grey tea I had tasted moldy .... It also made me sick.... Which makes me question what type of hygiene they have there. 



Will not be going back to this place ever .... They are a disgrace to cafes. 


Tip* go to the Starbucks upstairs in the indigo or across the street... They are closer to what it should really taste like.... You will get the coffee, late, cappuccino or tea the way it should be done.","['-6 stars ...i have come here several times....   the staff is friendly.', 'however, i feel they have not been properly trained in making the drinks they sell.', 'the coffee beans are good quality however, sometimes the load is packed to tight and the espresso comes out with a burnt taste.', 'other times in a latte it is either too over heated or comes out like a cappuccino.', 'in the simplest way put very inconsistent and not in anyway good.', 'some of the desserts are really over priced for the quality and quantity you are getting (i.e.', 'small almond croissant $4.20)    today i ordered an early grey.', 'the earl grey tea i had tasted moldy .... it also made me sick.... which makes me question what type of hygiene they have there.', 'will not be going back to this place ever .... they are a disgrace to cafes.', 'tip* go to the starbucks upstairs in the indigo or across the street... they are closer to what it should really taste like.... you will get the coffee, late, cappuccino or tea the way it should be done.']",10,14
566,Sadie's Diner & Juice Bar,"-5 stars literally saw the 'chef' lick her fingers over and over again while I waited for my orange juice. Then she started setting up people's dishes .... With her bare hands...Disgusting place... Extremely unsanitary!!!! After waiting 10mins to receive my orange juice while almost puking watching the levels of sanitation plummet more and more I was then presented with half a cup of juice. When I asked to upgrade to a full cup I was then told that's the only amount I can buy? Okay guess they don't want to make money. 

Tip- save yourself the nausea go somewhere  else","[""-5 stars literally saw the 'chef' lick her fingers over and over again while i waited for my orange juice."", ""then she started setting up people's dishes .... with her bare hands...disgusting place... extremely unsanitary!!!!"", 'after waiting 10mins to receive my orange juice while almost puking watching the levels of sanitation plummet more and more i was then presented with half a cup of juice.', ""when i asked to upgrade to a full cup i was then told that's the only amount i can buy?"", ""okay guess they don't want to make money."", 'tip- save yourself the nausea go somewhere  else']",6,137
567,Parts & Labour,"-5 stars!! Worst place ever. Don't bother going here you will definitely regret it. 

Save your money for a better serviced, hygienic, more organized and professional establishment. 


(You would think when a party of 40+ people are coming they would provide better service considering all the money you just brought into this dump for them) 


No one from that birthday will ever be wasting our time making that mistake again.","['-5 stars!!', 'worst place ever.', ""don't bother going here you will definitely regret it."", 'save your money for a better serviced, hygienic, more organized and professional establishment.', '(you would think when a party of 40+ people are coming they would provide better service considering all the money you just brought into this dump for them)    no one from that birthday will ever be wasting our time making that mistake again.']",5,154
568,Sweet Jesus,"Really small place to grab ice cream which is fine considering we have more cold weather than summer. The ladies who were making the cones were very pleasant and had great vibes... The person who was at the cash the first time I went seemed a bit stuck up but then the second time the front cash/ barista was also very pleasant and seemed to have very good vibes.... Hopefully I see more of this side the following visits too. 


LOVE the cashew latte with the Brazilian blend  perfection ! 


Ice cream ($6 I would say they should be priced more at $4) was good quality for a soft serve.... It was defiantly not the same quality as McDonald's or an ice cream truck WAY better. The only similarity is that it melts quickly ... Like any other soft serve. The cones could be a little better quality because they do get pretty soggy at the end.  

Love the creativity they have with the cones! I hope they continue to come up with new ideas. 

Small suggestion on the cinnamon one... Maybe add some nuts ... The current topping just seems so plain jane compared to the other creative cones you have! 

Definitely going back to try more flavours!","['really small place to grab ice cream which is fine considering we have more cold weather than summer.', 'the ladies who were making the cones were very pleasant and had great vibes... the person who was at the cash the first time i went seemed a bit stuck up but then the second time the front cash/ barista was also very pleasant and seemed to have very good vibes.... hopefully i see more of this side the following visits too.', 'love the cashew latte with the brazilian blend  perfection !', ""ice cream ($6 i would say they should be priced more at $4) was good quality for a soft serve.... it was defiantly not the same quality as mcdonald's or an ice cream truck way better."", 'the only similarity is that it melts quickly ... like any other soft serve.', 'the cones could be a little better quality because they do get pretty soggy at the end.', 'love the creativity they have with the cones!', 'i hope they continue to come up with new ideas.', 'small suggestion on the cinnamon one... maybe add some nuts ... the current topping just seems so plain jane compared to the other creative cones you have!', 'definitely going back to try more flavours!']",10,635
569,Adrenaline Body Piercing & Tattoos,"All I have to say is .... if you're going to get a tattoo and want it done RIGHT and like no other place in toronto go see RAIDEL at adrenaline!!!! 

I originally had an amaZing tattoo artist in Kensington (Vince) who unfortunately moved back to Venice, Italy. Fate brought me to the hands of the very talented RAIDEL! 

His passion for creative designs and art is phenomenal! He has done quite a large AMAZING piece on me and most of it he just did FREEHAND  (That is talent!)  

The thing I LOVE the MOST about his many talents is the fact that he has something that I find is SO RARE in a tattoo artist... he can create that FLOW into making your tattoo not look like a stamp ... but a part of you... an art that can even take previous pieces and make them one! I have about 1 3rd or fourth of my body tattooed and this tattoo SAVIOUR turned my several prior tattoo pieces (ribs, shoulders upper back) and with his new addition turned my body into a canvas with one solid flowing united piece. Brilliant engineer in designing.     

Adrenaline is quite pricey ..but if you are getting it done with him IT'S WELL WORTH IT. If I wasn't so broke ass I would give him a HUGE TIP as appreciation for his VERY hard work and TALENT! I intend to repay him some day by surprise for the lack of the TIP he deserved that I didn't have at the time.


This HARD working FRIENDLY always smiling singing ARTIST will make you NEVER WANT to go anywhere else with all his talent and positive energy!","[""all i have to say is .... if you're going to get a tattoo and want it done right and like no other place in toronto go see raidel at adrenaline!!!!"", 'i originally had an amazing tattoo artist in kensington (vince) who unfortunately moved back to venice, italy.', 'fate brought me to the hands of the very talented raidel!', 'his passion for creative designs and art is phenomenal!', 'he has done quite a large amazing piece on me and most of it he just did freehand  (that is talent!)', 'brilliant engineer in designing.', ""adrenaline is quite pricey ..but if you are getting it done with him it's well worth it."", ""if i wasn't so broke ass i would give him a huge tip as appreciation for his very hard work and talent!"", ""i intend to repay him some day by surprise for the lack of the tip he deserved that i didn't have at the time."", 'this hard working friendly always smiling singing artist will make you never want to go anywhere else with all his talent and positive energy!']",12,36
570,Kanga,"Quick very friendly service this evening! She was very welcoming and made some suggestions after knowing it was our first time. 

Butter Chix- Creamy subtle kick of butter chicken spice... Saucy very enjoyable!  

Mum's Chicken Pie - Classic  was not disappointed LOVE the touch of Chardonnay really gave it that extra little something 

Traditional Aussie - Saucey , meaty, has a little potato (not too much... Which I really appreciate because I didn't have an allergic reaction to it from that very reason ) 

Surprisingly even though these little guys are the size of your palm they are actually decently filling ! ... You might just need 2-4 to fill you up depending on how much you can handle. 

Price is okay ... About $7 each Palm sized pie. They have 4 pies for $24 to take home and cook located in the freezer ( I feel that is a better suited price for the cooked ones too)   

On the plus size the hand held sizes lets you try more flavours!! 

Would recommend people to check it out!","['quick very friendly service this evening!', 'she was very welcoming and made some suggestions after knowing it was our first time.', 'butter chix- creamy subtle kick of butter chicken spice... saucy very enjoyable!', ""mum's chicken pie - classic  was not disappointed love the touch of chardonnay really gave it that extra little something   traditional aussie - saucey , meaty, has a little potato (not too much... which i really appreciate because i didn't have an allergic reaction to it from that very reason )   surprisingly even though these little guys are the size of your palm they are actually decently filling !"", '... you might just need 2-4 to fill you up depending on how much you can handle.', 'price is okay ... about $7 each palm sized pie.', 'they have 4 pies for $24 to take home and cook located in the freezer ( i feel that is a better suited price for the cooked ones too)     on the plus size the hand held sizes lets you try more flavours!!', 'would recommend people to check it out!']",8,160
571,Truly Thai Cuisine,The only good thing at this place is the friendly staff... The food however is ...terrible. Save your money. I don't know how someone can over cook rice into a mash! The curry was literally just curry no veggies or anything... And I felt like I was drinking curry soup that was much too creamy and not enough spice. Also had the Tom Yum Shrimp soup... Very disappointing it was literally some powder tasting broth with 3 shrimp and a couple mushroom slices... Not a traditional Tom Yum at all. If they had a -1 star I would have put it.,"['the only good thing at this place is the friendly staff... the food however is ...terrible.', 'save your money.', ""i don't know how someone can over cook rice into a mash!"", 'the curry was literally just curry no veggies or anything... and i felt like i was drinking curry soup that was much too creamy and not enough spice.', 'also had the tom yum shrimp soup... very disappointing it was literally some powder tasting broth with 3 shrimp and a couple mushroom slices... not a traditional tom yum at all.', 'if they had a -1 star i would have put it.']",6,7
572,Second Cup,"Customer service from both staff today was really great. So I ordered the matcha latte .... Drank it and my stomach turned it is really sweet! I don't mind sweet treats but when it comes to beverages I am only a fan of bitter and sour things.... They happily (literally with a smile) offered me another beverage. I felt pretty bad because I hate wasting but I just can not do sweet drinks.


FYI their matcha powder has sugar mixed into the packaging they get (just like Starbucks).... Which would be great ... Unless you are not looking for a sweet drink... 


Great news! Their soy latte is amazing! Deep rich coffee bitter flavor (which I love). I was very pleased by how calm and positive they both were with me as I am sure that was probably annoying to have to waste the product  More coffee shops should have this type of professional positive smiling customer first type of employees 


Location also has a fireplace which o imagine will be nice in the cold winter months. Washrooms are clean (probably because now they aren't bombarded with all the school children arroyos the area coming in and disrespectfully destroying it and leaving it messy every 30mins.","['customer service from both staff today was really great.', 'so i ordered the matcha latte .... drank it and my stomach turned it is really sweet!', ""i don't mind sweet treats but when it comes to beverages i am only a fan of bitter and sour things.... they happily (literally with a smile) offered me another beverage."", 'i felt pretty bad because i hate wasting but i just can not do sweet drinks.', 'fyi their matcha powder has sugar mixed into the packaging they get (just like starbucks).... which would be great ... unless you are not looking for a sweet drink...    great news!', 'their soy latte is amazing!', 'deep rich coffee bitter flavor (which i love).', 'i was very pleased by how calm and positive they both were with me as i am sure that was probably annoying to have to waste the product  more coffee shops should have this type of professional positive smiling customer first type of employees    location also has a fireplace which o imagine will be nice in the cold winter months.', ""washrooms are clean (probably because now they aren't bombarded with all the school children arroyos the area coming in and disrespectfully destroying it and leaving it messy every 30mins.""]",9,8
573,Quantum Coffee,"Love love love Quantum Coffee  100% better then Starbucks (and done properly) Lattes, Cappuccinos and flats, Oh my!   


Also a few cents cheaper then Starbucks(but WAY better in quality)! 

Service is always great baked goods are always amazing and super fresh! (Also sent in from local bakeries ) 


Did I mention they now have a reward coffee card ? That's right Starbucks .... You have zippoooo on Quantum... Suck my kiss.","['love love love quantum coffee  100% better then starbucks (and done properly) lattes, cappuccinos and flats, oh my!', 'also a few cents cheaper then starbucks(but way better in quality)!', 'service is always great baked goods are always amazing and super fresh!', '(also sent in from local bakeries )    did i mention they now have a reward coffee card ?', ""that's right starbucks .... you have zippoooo on quantum... suck my kiss.""]",5,148
574,Seor Ak San,"LOVE the food here! 

Always amazing friendly service. The atmosphere is good it's a very simple place inside out but the food is killer! I always come here when I need my Korean food fix! 

The pork bone soup is awesome the meat basically falls of the bone! (Perfection) 

The Bibimbap is always my go to dish! It tastes like the best mothers home cooked meal! 

I love how they are always attentive to make sure you get your pickles and such at the beginning and how friendly and welcoming they are. Great place to go with a family, group, as a couple or alone!","['love the food here!', 'always amazing friendly service.', ""the atmosphere is good it's a very simple place inside out but the food is killer!"", 'i always come here when i need my korean food fix!', 'the pork bone soup is awesome the meat basically falls of the bone!', '(perfection)   the bibimbap is always my go to dish!', 'it tastes like the best mothers home cooked meal!', 'i love how they are always attentive to make sure you get your pickles and such at the beginning and how friendly and welcoming they are.', 'great place to go with a family, group, as a couple or alone!']",9,256
575,Wilbur Mexicana,"The fish taco is really good. 

Burrito boys makes the best burritos this place... WAY too much bread ratio not enough of anything else. 

The other meat tacos  not good meat tastes more like old leftovers from earlier that week. Lol gross. 

TIP: if your going only get fish tacos","['the fish taco is really good.', 'burrito boys makes the best burritos this place... way too much bread ratio not enough of anything else.', 'the other meat tacos  not good meat tastes more like old leftovers from earlier that week.', 'lol gross.', 'tip: if your going only get fish tacos']",5,426
576,Nana,"Authentic home made curries ...

Great Tom Yum 

Pad Thai is good 


Vibes are relaxed 

Music not too loud 

Fills up quick because it is a small Resturant. 

Staff pleasant.","['authentic home made curries ...  great tom yum   pad thai is good    vibes are relaxed   music not too loud   fills up quick because it is a small resturant.', 'staff pleasant.']",2,167
577,Shoppers Drug Mart,"Several unfriendly / unhelpful staff. Unorganized. Will not be returning.


Went in to drop off a prescription staff was rude and when I insisted on leaving my account information she cut me off and told me she would get everything she needs when she contacts the other location to move my prescription over. 


I return 2 days later (no phone call left to let me know they were filled). I get there and had to wait 30mins for this also unfriendly staff that seems to apparently hate her job to give me my prescription. Apparently it's too challenging for the staff to process a simple refill pickup.","['several unfriendly / unhelpful staff.', 'unorganized.', 'will not be returning.', 'went in to drop off a prescription staff was rude and when i insisted on leaving my account information she cut me off and told me she would get everything she needs when she contacts the other location to move my prescription over.', 'i return 2 days later (no phone call left to let me know they were filled).', 'i get there and had to wait 30mins for this also unfriendly staff that seems to apparently hate her job to give me my prescription.', ""apparently it's too challenging for the staff to process a simple refill pickup.""]",7,5
578,Sutherland-Chan Massage Therapy,Late review .... Wayne was amazing! Best massage therapist I have ever had hands down unfortunately I found out he no longer works here  now I need to find him,"['late review .... wayne was amazing!', 'best massage therapist i have ever had hands down unfortunately i found out he no longer works here  now i need to find him']",2,6
579,Terroni,"Use to come here all the time and loved it! 

Service needs a little work but more importantly lets get to the food reviews 

Starting with my personal favorite...

Ravioli di Zio Paperone -Great 
homemade ravioli stuffed with duck confit, fig, roasted butternut squash, sauteed with oyster, button mushrooms and parmigiano

Tonnarelli alla Norcina - Good 
Italian black truffle shavings, homemade spicy sausage, pecorino 


Tagliatelle alla Bolognese- Great 
traditional bolognese rag, parmigiano 



Tonnarelli ai Funghi - Good 
oyster and honey mushrooms, porcini sauce 


Cavatelli al Ragu' D'Agnello -Great 
handmade cavatelli, lamb braised in tomato sauce, Pecorino 


Gnocchi alla Simi- Good 
tomato sauce, fresh ricotta, basil, parmigiano 


Rigatoni Arcobaleno - Good 
mozzarella di bufala, zucchini, light cherry tomato sauce, basil 


Agnolotti alla Lilli -Good 
stuffed with spinach, ricotta and pecorino, butter, sage and parmigiano

Spaghetti in Canna a Mare - Okay 
fresh clams and mussels, calamari, scallops and tiger shrimp, light tomato sauce 



Apristomaco - Appetizers 


Carpaccio di Manzo- Great 
hand cut, raw beef tenderloin, lemon juice, extra virgin olive oil, parmigiano reggiano shavings, arugola


Funghi Assoluti - Good 
basked oyster mushrooms, parmigian, bread crumbs, extra-virgin olive oil, balsamic vinegar, arugola 

Frittura di Calamari - Okay
deep fried lightly floured calamari

Tagliere del Salumiere -Good 
selection of Italian and local cured meats 
Tagliere di Formaggi - Good 
selection of italian cheeses served with honey and homemade jam 

Insalate - Salad 

Only one I have tried is Caprese and it was Good. 


Pizze - Pizza 

They are well done thin crusts .... I personally like Napoli, Margherita, Bufalina, Quattro Stagioni, Santo Stefano, Da D a D, Smendozzata, Li Pecuri, and finally C't Mang. 


Dessert ... I always get a flourless chocolate cake heated .... It's a perfect finish for my dinner with a cappuccino or latte","['use to come here all the time and loved it!', ""service needs a little work but more importantly lets get to the food reviews   starting with my personal favorite...  ravioli di zio paperone -great  homemade ravioli stuffed with duck confit, fig, roasted butternut squash, sauteed with oyster, button mushrooms and parmigiano  tonnarelli alla norcina - good  italian black truffle shavings, homemade spicy sausage, pecorino    tagliatelle alla bolognese- great  traditional bolognese rag, parmigiano     tonnarelli ai funghi - good  oyster and honey mushrooms, porcini sauce    cavatelli al ragu' d'agnello -great  handmade cavatelli, lamb braised in tomato sauce, pecorino    gnocchi alla simi- good  tomato sauce, fresh ricotta, basil, parmigiano    rigatoni arcobaleno - good  mozzarella di bufala, zucchini, light cherry tomato sauce, basil    agnolotti alla lilli -good  stuffed with spinach, ricotta and pecorino, butter, sage and parmigiano  spaghetti in canna a mare - okay  fresh clams and mussels, calamari, scallops and tiger shrimp, light tomato sauce     apristomaco - appetizers    carpaccio di manzo- great  hand cut, raw beef tenderloin, lemon juice, extra virgin olive oil, parmigiano reggiano shavings, arugola   funghi assoluti - good  basked oyster mushrooms, parmigian, bread crumbs, extra-virgin olive oil, balsamic vinegar, arugola   frittura di calamari - okay deep fried lightly floured calamari  tagliere del salumiere -good  selection of italian and local cured meats  tagliere di formaggi - good  selection of italian cheeses served with honey and homemade jam   insalate - salad   only one i have tried is caprese and it was good."", ""pizze - pizza   they are well done thin crusts .... i personally like napoli, margherita, bufalina, quattro stagioni, santo stefano, da d a d, smendozzata, li pecuri, and finally c't mang."", ""dessert ... i always get a flourless chocolate cake heated .... it's a perfect finish for my dinner with a cappuccino or latte""]",4,530
580,Nova Era Bakery,"Desserts and bread are always great at Nova Era. Customer service is terrible. 

Desserts always a great variety and always fresh. 

Couple recommendations; custard cakes, bean cakes are all amazing! 


Customer service.... After waiting in line for 15mins with only two people in front of me I was told to go to the other counter to order my sandwich.... After ignoring me for another 10mins the extremely rude woman making sandwiches doesn't even greet me and in a very unfriendly manner tells me to basically go sit down and now wait to be asked what I want.


20mins pass and I am still here sitting and waiting to have someone approach me to take an order. I will never be coming back here to eat and HIGHLY recommend only coming for the bakery stuff only here! 


Terrible fucking service.","['desserts and bread are always great at nova era.', 'customer service is terrible.', 'desserts always a great variety and always fresh.', 'couple recommendations; custard cakes, bean cakes are all amazing!', ""customer service.... after waiting in line for 15mins with only two people in front of me i was told to go to the other counter to order my sandwich.... after ignoring me for another 10mins the extremely rude woman making sandwiches doesn't even greet me and in a very unfriendly manner tells me to basically go sit down and now wait to be asked what i want."", '20mins pass and i am still here sitting and waiting to have someone approach me to take an order.', 'i will never be coming back here to eat and highly recommend only coming for the bakery stuff only here!', 'terrible fucking service.']",8,21
581,Candyland,Performances are great but the crowd and music needs a little work. Also they shouldn't space out all the wicked performances sooooo far apart.,"['performances are great but the crowd and music needs a little work.', ""also they shouldn't space out all the wicked performances sooooo far apart.""]",2,14
582,La Carnita,"""In cod we trust"" great deep fried fish toco (but fish portion is small) 

""Beef Cheek"" braised and good portion 

Tuna Chive in hard shell toco okay portion ( a little too drenched in sauce) 


We had some ribs ""special of the day"" portion not worth the price AT ALL ... Sauce is a type of honey garlic (drenched in mayo ) not worth the money. 

 I had high hopes for great food here after reading the reviews ...but was over all not really that impressed.","['""in cod we trust"" great deep fried fish toco (but fish portion is small)   ""beef cheek"" braised and good portion   tuna chive in hard shell toco okay portion ( a little too drenched in sauce)    we had some ribs ""special of the day"" portion not worth the price at all ... sauce is a type of honey garlic (drenched in mayo ) not worth the money.', 'i had high hopes for great food here after reading the reviews ...but was over all not really that impressed.']",2,462
583,Insomnia Restaurant & Lounge,"Chicken and waffles are awesome! 

And that's about it folks 

Don't bother with the pasta or hamburgers (was not impressed at all). 


Friendly staff who seemed to disappear after giving us our food .... For a long while.....","['chicken and waffles are awesome!', ""and that's about it folks   don't bother with the pasta or hamburgers (was not impressed at all)."", 'friendly staff who seemed to disappear after giving us our food .... for a long while.....']",3,741
584,Le Slect Bistro,"This place is a hit and miss some times the food is really great and flavourful and other times I have ordered food that was over salted or just bland. 

Service has been okay. Portions are a hit and miss for some things. I don't think I will be going back after my last visit though.","['this place is a hit and miss some times the food is really great and flavourful and other times i have ordered food that was over salted or just bland.', 'service has been okay.', 'portions are a hit and miss for some things.', ""i don't think i will be going back after my last visit though.""]",4,357
585,Tanaka Sushi,DO NOT GO HERE!!! If there was a minus 5 star I would have put that. Seriously they are gypsies here...you order sushi for take out.... They send you with some panko filled rice and drizzle oyster sauce to make it look like eel roll. Warning they use the WORST quality fish too!,"['do not go here!!!', 'if there was a minus 5 star i would have put that.', 'seriously they are gypsies here...you order sushi for take out.... they send you with some panko filled rice and drizzle oyster sauce to make it look like eel roll.', 'warning they use the worst quality fish too!']",4,22
586,Burrito Boyz,"Love this place .... Honestly best Burrito in Toronto  Halibut is tasty, simple, flaky .... Brilliant","['love this place .... honestly best burrito in toronto  halibut is tasty, simple, flaky .... brilliant']",1,375
587,Jatujak,"Not authentic at all..... NOT AT ALL 

Khao Soi ..... Not sure who paid all these reviewers to call it ""authentic"" ... I am a HUGE fan of Thai food and have NEVER had coleslaw ... Yes that's right ... Literally COLESLAW in the Khao Soi. It is disgusting. Beef was not tenderized and undercooked.  

Tom Yum - the only average thing worth maybe trying if there is nothing else open and you need food. It is heavy on the lemon grass and is missing the fundamental herbs and spices.... For starters galangal .... Had no freshness to the soup .... Tasted like over cooked boiled veggies that had some paste added  choice of meat and severed.  


Curry is not authentic at all .... It is a pre-made paste added again to something cooked separate.... Then served. A paste at a Resturant considered to be authentic should be made in house and better quality.


Service was fast. 

Servers were fine. 

Music was fine. 



Overall poor quality food.... Will not be coming back and DO NOT recommend this place to anyone.","['not authentic at all..... not at all   khao soi ..... not sure who paid all these reviewers to call it ""authentic"" ... i am a huge fan of thai food and have never had coleslaw ... yes that\'s right ... literally coleslaw in the khao soi.', 'it is disgusting.', 'beef was not tenderized and undercooked.', 'tom yum - the only average thing worth maybe trying if there is nothing else open and you need food.', 'it is heavy on the lemon grass and is missing the fundamental herbs and spices.... for starters galangal .... had no freshness to the soup .... tasted like over cooked boiled veggies that had some paste added  choice of meat and severed.', 'a paste at a resturant considered to be authentic should be made in house and better quality.', 'service was fast.', 'servers were fine.', 'music was fine.', 'overall poor quality food.... will not be coming back and do not recommend this place to anyone.']",11,245
588,Kovalsky Restaurant,"Awesome home cooked style food! What a little gem we found! The outside is a little off putting but once you go in its a completely different situation.

Service was great ! Friendly professional classy staff and great priced filling traditional food!  

Cabbage rolls - saucy simple and tasty 

Perigees- loved the potato ones!! 

Schnitzel- tender, not oily, tasty  

Very fresh ingredients ... Really satisfied our home cooked craving","['awesome home cooked style food!', 'what a little gem we found!', 'the outside is a little off putting but once you go in its a completely different situation.', 'service was great !', 'friendly professional classy staff and great priced filling traditional food!', 'cabbage rolls - saucy simple and tasty   perigees- loved the potato ones!!', 'schnitzel- tender, not oily, tasty    very fresh ingredients ... really satisfied our home cooked craving']",7,42
589,Charmaine Sweets,"Butter tarts really well done, they have a bourbon one that is also very good for the liquor lovers. 
Chocolate and butter croissants very well done and properly texturized. Almond croissant was a bit on the drier side 

Macaroons
Matcha & white chocolate - had a strange fridge radiator after taste which I hated and the matcha was too mildly infused. Earl grey has a chocolate filling which is honestly, too overpowering for the bergamot notes. Red velvet also more chocolate in flavour not quite enough vanilla (maybe just the supplier). 

Over all there were a few I did really enjoy and would recommend, as I would select the following flavours again upon my next visit  100% Salted Carmel then, Hazelnut, Pistachio (could be a little stronger but still amazing) , Lavender, Boston cream is very true to flavour, Raspberry, and Chocolate. 

Honestly, the last time I came in but NOT the first three times ... but the last time .... all my macaroons had a really off putting stomach turning fridge taste. As it was the only time that happened I will he going back as I love the lavender and salted caramel macaroons ! 

Have yet to try the pies but they look fabulous along with the scones and meat pies.... can't try everything in one day ;)","['butter tarts really well done, they have a bourbon one that is also very good for the liquor lovers.', 'chocolate and butter croissants very well done and properly texturized.', 'almond croissant was a bit on the drier side   macaroons matcha & white chocolate - had a strange fridge radiator after taste which i hated and the matcha was too mildly infused.', 'earl grey has a chocolate filling which is honestly, too overpowering for the bergamot notes.', 'red velvet also more chocolate in flavour not quite enough vanilla (maybe just the supplier).', 'over all there were a few i did really enjoy and would recommend, as i would select the following flavours again upon my next visit  100% salted carmel then, hazelnut, pistachio (could be a little stronger but still amazing) , lavender, boston cream is very true to flavour, raspberry, and chocolate.', 'honestly, the last time i came in but not the first three times ... but the last time .... all my macaroons had a really off putting stomach turning fridge taste.', 'as it was the only time that happened i will he going back as i love the lavender and salted caramel macaroons !', ""have yet to try the pies but they look fabulous along with the scones and meat pies.... can't try everything in one day ;)""]",9,28
590,Banana Republic,Great friendly service was provided they had a sale on so I went a little over board with the shopping and the staff was there to help me find my perfect sizes for everything I needed.,['great friendly service was provided they had a sale on so i went a little over board with the shopping and the staff was there to help me find my perfect sizes for everything i needed.'],1,7
591,Second Cup,"Staff taking orders in such a rush they mess up my order... Which I only find out 10 mins after watching the barista mess up my drink twice ... Which she claims 'someone must have taken'  

Then to complete her customer service the barista then speaks to her coworker and makes me go BACK to the line to pay the extra $0.63 cents for the mistake they have made  

What a joke where do they find these people? Never thought I would find such horrible people working at a coffee place as all my past experiences at many other coffee houses have been great. 

Tip - save your money for a Timmy's or other coffee place in the hospital.","[""staff taking orders in such a rush they mess up my order... which i only find out 10 mins after watching the barista mess up my drink twice ... which she claims 'someone must have taken'    then to complete her customer service the barista then speaks to her coworker and makes me go back to the line to pay the extra $0.63 cents for the mistake they have made    what a joke where do they find these people?"", 'never thought i would find such horrible people working at a coffee place as all my past experiences at many other coffee houses have been great.', ""tip - save your money for a timmy's or other coffee place in the hospital.""]",3,3
592,Forno Cultura,"I have been here before but my last experience was not good at all. 


The bad - the younger lady who served us seemed like she does not like her job ... She made our visit unpleasant right from the entrance ... She seemed a little arrogant too.... And was not very familiar with the desserts. 
I am not a fan of lemon desserts but I do not mind something with a tiny note of it (as I know a lot of baked desserts often do have a little in them) ... When I specifically asked for her recommendation she gave me an extremely lemony dessert. I also requested a no foam latte and she seemed to also miss that one as she handed me something that closely resembled a cappuccino. 

I love the heart of this place ... It was actually a bit heart breaking with my last visit as I have come in several times throughout the past couple years and have not received this type of treatment. 

The good- Love the desserts here I usually always grab a mix box of the traditional southern Italian almond and pistachio biscuits and am always very pleased with the texture, the flavour and the combination of them! 
The bread here is amazing highly recommend you try anyone of them (I am sure you will love it! ) 

The coffee beans they use here are also very robust and strong which I love.


I try to ignore the treatment I got here last time .....because maybe she was just having a bad day and was taking it out on us .....but to be honest that's no excuse, ever ... And it will effect me to now go closer to Bathurst and collage to go get my almond pistachio fixes from more pleasant staff.","['i have been here before but my last experience was not good at all.', 'the bad - the younger lady who served us seemed like she does not like her job ... she made our visit unpleasant right from the entrance ... she seemed a little arrogant too.... and was not very familiar with the desserts.', 'i am not a fan of lemon desserts but i do not mind something with a tiny note of it (as i know a lot of baked desserts often do have a little in them) ... when i specifically asked for her recommendation she gave me an extremely lemony dessert.', 'i also requested a no foam latte and she seemed to also miss that one as she handed me something that closely resembled a cappuccino.', 'i love the heart of this place ... it was actually a bit heart breaking with my last visit as i have come in several times throughout the past couple years and have not received this type of treatment.', 'the good- love the desserts here i usually always grab a mix box of the traditional southern italian almond and pistachio biscuits and am always very pleased with the texture, the flavour and the combination of them!', 'the bread here is amazing highly recommend you try anyone of them (i am sure you will love it! )', 'the coffee beans they use here are also very robust and strong which i love.', ""i try to ignore the treatment i got here last time .....because maybe she was just having a bad day and was taking it out on us .....but to be honest that's no excuse, ever ... and it will effect me to now go closer to bathurst and collage to go get my almond pistachio fixes from more pleasant staff.""]",9,145
593,Ravi Soups,"I really love the butternut squash soup here... It's one of the things that has always stayed consistent even after the change of hands after the owner passed away.  


Curry Lamb Wrap - Good 
Has a great spicy kick .... Perfect for winter and autumn days. 

Chicken Wrap- Good 
Chicken is tender and cooked simple but well. Can't go wrong with the chicken. 

Steak Wrap- Usually great but last time was way over cooked... They need the cook to keep a closer eye on the meat to make sure it's still pink on the inside of the beef.... 

The fact that it was over cooked made me think maybe they downgraded the meat quality ? Regardless now I will only be going there for soup!","[""i really love the butternut squash soup here... it's one of the things that has always stayed consistent even after the change of hands after the owner passed away."", 'curry lamb wrap - good  has a great spicy kick .... perfect for winter and autumn days.', 'chicken wrap- good  chicken is tender and cooked simple but well.', ""can't go wrong with the chicken."", ""steak wrap- usually great but last time was way over cooked... they need the cook to keep a closer eye on the meat to make sure it's still pink on the inside of the beef....   the fact that it was over cooked made me think maybe they downgraded the meat quality ?"", 'regardless now i will only be going there for soup!']",6,323
594,Myodetox,"Highly recommend this place if your looking for a dedicated, experienced, professional who really listens and goes above and beyond to get the job done! Everyone is extremely helpful positive and kind. 

 I started coming to Myodetox after my boyfriend always telling me about how his whole volleyball team loves Boris and his magical fixing hands. I was not disappointed! 

At first I was going to Boris to help with tightness in my hamstrings, hips and shoulders. Results were often immediate and helped me achieve better form and dig deeper in my workouts. 


After my car accident and suffering from some serious whiplash and  a terrible concussion Boris really dedicated his time to help me. 

He informed me on what to expect with concussions and whiplash and how to overcome my daily obstacles while being rehabilitated 

They do a lot of services here! It's like the one stop shop for anyone's needs! I have had Physio, massage, acupuncture, cupping, and even things on vestibular rehabilitation. The list really just keeps going. 

I still have a long way to go but I have made some incredible progress which I owe all to Myodetox! 

Through my experiences thus far I can honestly say Myodetox really will bring back the new you","['highly recommend this place if your looking for a dedicated, experienced, professional who really listens and goes above and beyond to get the job done!', 'everyone is extremely helpful positive and kind.', 'i started coming to myodetox after my boyfriend always telling me about how his whole volleyball team loves boris and his magical fixing hands.', 'i was not disappointed!', 'at first i was going to boris to help with tightness in my hamstrings, hips and shoulders.', ""it's like the one stop shop for anyone's needs!"", 'i have had physio, massage, acupuncture, cupping, and even things on vestibular rehabilitation.', 'the list really just keeps going.', 'i still have a long way to go but i have made some incredible progress which i owe all to myodetox!', 'through my experiences thus far i can honestly say myodetox really will bring back the new you']",13,4
595,Pamier Kabob,"Quick service ... Tasty flavourful food... the chicken kabob is great and tender, tandoori special gives you a nice mix and the beef kabob is also very flavourful and tasty. 

Salad could use a little extra something something but is fresh ingredients at least for now. 

Great place if you need a quick bite.","['quick service ... tasty flavourful food... the chicken kabob is great and tender, tandoori special gives you a nice mix and the beef kabob is also very flavourful and tasty.', 'salad could use a little extra something something but is fresh ingredients at least for now.', 'great place if you need a quick bite.']",3,81
596,J Crew,"Suffocation best describes the services given at this location. The rep was sooooo annoying. She didn't even ask for what we were looking for and kept bringing us what she normally wears in sizes that aren't even our size it was like she was having a conversation with herself or something ..... Like every min she brought me something new to try on.... It made me feel frustrated annoyed nauseated and obviously did not want to buy anything ever from here again. 

I will be going to the other locations from now on to get proper service.","['suffocation best describes the services given at this location.', 'the rep was sooooo annoying.', ""she didn't even ask for what we were looking for and kept bringing us what she normally wears in sizes that aren't even our size it was like she was having a conversation with herself or something ..... like every min she brought me something new to try on.... it made me feel frustrated annoyed nauseated and obviously did not want to buy anything ever from here again."", 'i will be going to the other locations from now on to get proper service.']",4,3
597,Beef Noodle Restaurant,Food is good. Fresh house made broth great flavour and not salty like most soups I have at restaurants... Fair price for quantity and quality of food. Beef Flank soup is really good here. Service was fast!,"['food is good.', 'fresh house made broth great flavour and not salty like most soups i have at restaurants... fair price for quantity and quality of food.', 'beef flank soup is really good here.', 'service was fast!']",4,36
598,The Dirty Bird Chicken + Waffles,"Pricy but really good waffles  

Good chicken portion. Let's keep it like that don't turn into home of the brave portions!","['pricy but really good waffles    good chicken portion.', ""let's keep it like that don't turn into home of the brave portions!""]",2,270
599,Michaels,"Great selection .... When in stock. They need to get people who understand the products that they sell... Came in several times and it was hard to find anyone on the third floor who could help me with anything really. 


I'm pleased with Micheal's being in the area none the less. I just hope for future hires they consider always having at least one person who understands what they are selling. 

The first time I went in for gold leaf paint no one was even around to help.... Out of all the floors I finally managed to find a representative on the third floor. Once I asked her where I could find it she asked me to wait because apparently she was the only person working and had 3 other people in front of me?! How can such a large store be so understaffed on a weekend morning I don't know.... I was very happy to see on my second visit that this has changed.

They now have many more reps working the floor ...unfortunately when I went to ask about some stain glass products again, I was not able to get the help I needed from the first representative.... I was however referred to Amanda (on the ground floor) who was able to answer my questions.

Service is definitely getting progressively better.   


UPDATE***

Went back a couple more times since and they are definitely getting things more organized! 


I have to say I really love all the 50% off coupons from this place! I don't go to any other places for art supplies anymore because of the amazing prices and they stock is unreal!","['great selection .... when in stock.', 'they need to get people who understand the products that they sell... came in several times and it was hard to find anyone on the third floor who could help me with anything really.', ""i'm pleased with micheal's being in the area none the less."", 'i just hope for future hires they consider always having at least one person who understands what they are selling.', 'the first time i went in for gold leaf paint no one was even around to help.... out of all the floors i finally managed to find a representative on the third floor.', 'they now have many more reps working the floor ...unfortunately when i went to ask about some stain glass products again, i was not able to get the help i needed from the first representative.... i was however referred to amanda (on the ground floor) who was able to answer my questions.', 'service is definitely getting progressively better.', 'update***  went back a couple more times since and they are definitely getting things more organized!', 'i have to say i really love all the 50% off coupons from this place!', ""i don't go to any other places for art supplies anymore because of the amazing prices and they stock is unreal!""]",12,17
600,Wild Wing,"Terrible service .... Terrible over cooked wings. 

Literally was like eating dried out oil jerky ... Not sure how they are still in business. 


Tip* save your time and money go somewhere else... Anywhere else will be better.","['terrible service .... terrible over cooked wings.', 'literally was like eating dried out oil jerky ... not sure how they are still in business.', 'tip* save your time and money go somewhere else... anywhere else will be better.']",3,19
601,El Caballito,"Love love love this place! 


Tacos tacos  

Firstly just need to say I put the habanero hot sauce on everything here to give it a little kick! ... If you love spice defiantly try it.  Also rule of thumb *squeeze* that lime on everything ! Tacos and in drinks .... Just go wild. 

Shrimp tacos were juicy and great 

Fish taco was great and flaky 

They had a Trout taco day feature which was great (with a little lime and hot sauce)

Chicken and beef tacos had a decent amount of meat in them and were nicely cooked and shredded. 

The Vegetarian option was surprisingly also very tasty and flavourful 


Ceviche love the jalapeo touch inside but fish and tomatoes needs to be chopped up more for better chip grabbing fun. 


Margarita pitcher could use a little more lime less agave and more tequila.... Less sweetness and more pungent twist and kick in the mouth to go with those tasty tacos. (I just ordered extra tequila and added to my cup.... But I would say about 4 more shots in the pitcher would fix it)

Over all very great vibes...music is beautiful loud and upbeat. Friendly staff. Great place to go grab a bite laugh and enjoy a fun Latin vibes time","['love love love this place!', 'tacos tacos    firstly just need to say i put the habanero hot sauce on everything here to give it a little kick!', '... if you love spice defiantly try it.', 'also rule of thumb *squeeze* that lime on everything !', 'tacos and in drinks .... just go wild.', 'the vegetarian option was surprisingly also very tasty and flavourful    ceviche love the jalapeo touch inside but fish and tomatoes needs to be chopped up more for better chip grabbing fun.', 'margarita pitcher could use a little more lime less agave and more tequila.... less sweetness and more pungent twist and kick in the mouth to go with those tasty tacos.', '(i just ordered extra tequila and added to my cup.... but i would say about 4 more shots in the pitcher would fix it)  over all very great vibes...music is beautiful loud and upbeat.', 'friendly staff.', 'great place to go grab a bite laugh and enjoy a fun latin vibes time']",11,214
602,Thai Princess,"Great, friendly, quick service.... The Red , yellow and green curries are great  creamy and has a nice flavour 

Red - personal favorite we get this all the time. 

Green - little spicier so not recommended for those who do not like spice 

Yellow - good .. not spicy","['great, friendly, quick service.... the red , yellow and green curries are great  creamy and has a nice flavour   red - personal favorite we get this all the time.', 'green - little spicier so not recommended for those who do not like spice   yellow - good .. not spicy']",2,89
603,Rodney's Oyster House,"Love love love ! Great food! Really hits the taste buds of sea food lovers ...the best way! 

have been here many a times .... Love how they change up a lot of the plates! Always a new adventure  

(Summer nights)Lobster Bisque - creamy buttery not over salty just perfect! 

(Summer nights)Scorpion Fish with Roasted Garlic Mash - Garlicy creamy perfect mash - Fish was flaky tender perfect ... Severed with a side of roasted crisp veggies. 

(AIl year)personally love the smaller oysters ... I usually eat 12  just for me! 

(Entering spring)Tuna Tartar -Fresh And Toasts were a perfect duo

(Autumn) Seared Tuna with a creamy broth was absolutely perfect and the long chip

Clam Chowder - Creamy perfection with a little potato","['love love love !', 'great food!', 'really hits the taste buds of sea food lovers ...the best way!', 'have been here many a times .... love how they change up a lot of the plates!', 'always a new adventure    (summer nights)lobster bisque - creamy buttery not over salty just perfect!', '(summer nights)scorpion fish with roasted garlic mash - garlicy creamy perfect mash - fish was flaky tender perfect ... severed with a side of roasted crisp veggies.', '(ail year)personally love the smaller oysters ... i usually eat 12  just for me!', '(entering spring)tuna tartar -fresh and toasts were a perfect duo  (autumn) seared tuna with a creamy broth was absolutely perfect and the long chip  clam chowder - creamy perfection with a little potato']",8,321
604,Khao San Road,"Was very displeased as a regular client of Khao San Road. 

I have come here for a couple years... always in person. 

The other day I tried to order take out I was trying to get through for over 30mins calling over and over and over again. I was EXTREMELY unhappy with the fact that I was pushing close to an HOUR with trying to order food. I called Northern Thai and they picked up the phone immediately.","['was very displeased as a regular client of khao san road.', 'i have come here for a couple years... always in person.', 'the other day i tried to order take out i was trying to get through for over 30mins calling over and over and over again.', 'i was extremely unhappy with the fact that i was pushing close to an hour with trying to order food.', 'i called northern thai and they picked up the phone immediately.']",5,1336
605,Pig Out BBQ,"REALLY dry ribs, pulled pork tasted like watered down sauce was added after cooking. 

Mac and cheese was creamy and good not over cooked 

Slaw was good- just normal slaw 

I honestly could not believe how dry my ribs were.... It was pretty heart breaking as I had been looking forward to going there just for that for sooooo long ! 

Brisket was cooked well ... For most of the pieces I got because again part of it was dry. 

Tip***The sauces are good but they need to leave the ribs in for a longer cooking time seriously tho .... Please do.... Ribs are suppose to fall of the bone not be like jerky .... If I wanted jerky I wouldn't order ribs. 

Customer service was great! Very friendly and helpful. 

This place has a LOT of potential to go so far ... The major loss of stars for me was because when you are a bbq house that advertises ribs like that I expect them to know it is suppose to fall off the bone.","['really dry ribs, pulled pork tasted like watered down sauce was added after cooking.', 'mac and cheese was creamy and good not over cooked   slaw was good- just normal slaw   i honestly could not believe how dry my ribs were.... it was pretty heart breaking as i had been looking forward to going there just for that for sooooo long !', 'brisket was cooked well ... for most of the pieces i got because again part of it was dry.', ""tip***the sauces are good but they need to leave the ribs in for a longer cooking time seriously tho .... please do.... ribs are suppose to fall of the bone not be like jerky .... if i wanted jerky i wouldn't order ribs."", 'customer service was great!', 'very friendly and helpful.', 'this place has a lot of potential to go so far ... the major loss of stars for me was because when you are a bbq house that advertises ribs like that i expect them to know it is suppose to fall off the bone.']",7,74
606,Uncle Tetsu's Japanese Cheesecake,"Great Japanese Cheesecake!! I loved it!! 

The only thing they need to figure out is an effective way to get that line moving faster. It can be a very long wait ... Which makes the  whole experience negative for people.... Taking away from the enjoyment of the products.","['great japanese cheesecake!!', 'i loved it!!', 'the only thing they need to figure out is an effective way to get that line moving faster.', 'it can be a very long wait ... which makes the  whole experience negative for people.... taking away from the enjoyment of the products.']",4,879
607,Countryside Animal Hospital,"My dog is really nervous(shaking, hiding, an occasional growl) at the vet.  Other places I have been the technicians make a comment about her being scared, ask questions, then leave. At countryside the technician went out of her way to try to calm my dog. My dog even gave her kisses, which she has NEVER done in the 10 years I have been taking her to the vet. I wish I could recall her name, because she was excellent. Dr. Hoppe was wonderful and knowledgeable and made our visit quick and easy without trying to add any tests or procedures that weren't needed. Because my dog is so nervous she is often overlooked as being a good girl, so I appreciate the nice words that Dr. Hoppe said about her! The free hugs and kisses on the bill is also a nice touch. Thanks for the good experience!","['my dog is really nervous(shaking, hiding, an occasional growl) at the vet.', 'other places i have been the technicians make a comment about her being scared, ask questions, then leave.', 'at countryside the technician went out of her way to try to calm my dog.', 'my dog even gave her kisses, which she has never done in the 10 years i have been taking her to the vet.', 'i wish i could recall her name, because she was excellent.', ""dr. hoppe was wonderful and knowledgeable and made our visit quick and easy without trying to add any tests or procedures that weren't needed."", 'because my dog is so nervous she is often overlooked as being a good girl, so i appreciate the nice words that dr. hoppe said about her!', 'the free hugs and kisses on the bill is also a nice touch.', 'thanks for the good experience!']",9,153
608,Bolet's Burrito,"The veggie burrito here is a staple in my diet. Great place, simple good food and nice people. The student deal is awesome.","['the veggie burrito here is a staple in my diet.', 'great place, simple good food and nice people.', 'the student deal is awesome.']",3,85
609,Chat Hut,"this is hands down one of the best Indian restaurants I have been to, not to mention vegetarian. food is great, people are great. I will be back.","['this is hands down one of the best indian restaurants i have been to, not to mention vegetarian.', 'food is great, people are great.', 'i will be back.']",3,37
610,Ha Long Bay,"I was unfortunately very dissatisfied with my visit. After having been recommended by more than one person for their Thai food, the Pad Thai and Massaman dishes were bland and lacked many key ingredients. The Pad Thai was particularly sparse lacking leeks, raddish, and especially the bean sprouts....and it isn't Pad Thai without bean sprouts.

In short, isn't worth the wait or the hype.","['i was unfortunately very dissatisfied with my visit.', 'after having been recommended by more than one person for their thai food, the pad thai and massaman dishes were bland and lacked many key ingredients.', ""the pad thai was particularly sparse lacking leeks, raddish, and especially the bean sprouts....and it isn't pad thai without bean sprouts."", ""in short, isn't worth the wait or the hype.""]",4,633
611,Auto Tune Total Car Care,"DO not use this company !   The ""owner"" is rude, obnoxious, self absorbed and if the lack of business is any reflection of the work they do (NO cars,  no repairs, not busy ever) - then that should tell you ** ALL ** you need to know.  Whenever you walk into a company and there is NOTHING going on - then you should be suspicious.  This guy needs a course in Customer Service - but it wont matter - doubt he will be open long enough.   DO NOT USE - don't subject yourself - PLENTY of other quality, caring, busy automotive repair places right nearby.   PASS THIS ONE OVER .....","['do not use this company !', 'the ""owner"" is rude, obnoxious, self absorbed and if the lack of business is any reflection of the work they do (no cars,  no repairs, not busy ever) - then that should tell you ** all ** you need to know.', 'whenever you walk into a company and there is nothing going on - then you should be suspicious.', 'this guy needs a course in customer service - but it wont matter - doubt he will be open long enough.', ""do not use - don't subject yourself - plenty of other quality, caring, busy automotive repair places right nearby."", 'pass this one over .....']",6,3
612,Yardbird Southern Table & Bar,Best fried chicken I have ever had. We went for brunch and started with the fried green tomato BLT. It was so delicious and unique. Next I had the chicken and waffles and my husband had the plain fried chicken. We both agreed it was the best fried chicken ever. The cocktails were delicious and so were the mimosas. I wish we had saved room for desert! Service was excellent and I loved the ambience.,"['best fried chicken i have ever had.', 'we went for brunch and started with the fried green tomato blt.', 'it was so delicious and unique.', 'next i had the chicken and waffles and my husband had the plain fried chicken.', 'we both agreed it was the best fried chicken ever.', 'the cocktails were delicious and so were the mimosas.', 'i wish we had saved room for desert!', 'service was excellent and i loved the ambience.']",8,2887
613,Squeeze,Best cocktails in Vegas. You can add a shot or double shot to any juice. I got the spicy mango with tequila based on recommendation from the bartender. It was life changing. Also tried the kiwi blast and monkey. Very strong drinks at a great price and amazing fresh flavors.,"['best cocktails in vegas.', 'you can add a shot or double shot to any juice.', 'i got the spicy mango with tequila based on recommendation from the bartender.', 'it was life changing.', 'also tried the kiwi blast and monkey.', 'very strong drinks at a great price and amazing fresh flavors.']",6,115
614,Wicked Spoon,"We came here for brunch on a Monday.  Pretty tasty food!  Great selection of both brunch food, and regular dinner-type food.  The price was much better than I expected it to be for a Vegas buffet (around $24), and it included a free mimosa/bloody mary/champagne.  The decor is amazing, complete with great hanging glass installations in line with the rest of the Cosmopolitan hotel theme.  

Definitely try out the desserts (especially the great selection of gelato, and the chocolate covered strawberries!) as well as the macaroni & cheese.","['we came here for brunch on a monday.', 'pretty tasty food!', 'great selection of both brunch food, and regular dinner-type food.', 'the price was much better than i expected it to be for a vegas buffet (around $24), and it included a free mimosa/bloody mary/champagne.', 'the decor is amazing, complete with great hanging glass installations in line with the rest of the cosmopolitan hotel theme.', 'definitely try out the desserts (especially the great selection of gelato, and the chocolate covered strawberries!)', 'as well as the macaroni & cheese.']",7,6446
615,Mon Ami Gabi,"Came here for lunch after a long night of partying.  I'm a huge fan of French food, and had definitely been craving it ever since I arrived at PH and saw that the Paris was next door.  Mon Ami Gabi definitely satisfied my craving!  A friend and I split the steak classique (steak with butter), and the quiche Lorraine.  So good!!!  The steak was perfectly cooked medium rare, as requested.  The quiche Lorraine was delicious, but I was so full by the time I got around to eating it that I only had a few bites; what I did eat was perfectly balanced.  My friends seemed to enjoy their orders as well.  I only wish that the restaurant served steak tartare... I would've been on that like white on rice!

Side note, the bread is served warm and crusty, the way it should be.  I wanted to eat the whole baguette myself, not to lie... but highly disappointing was the cold butter! 

Definitely worth coming here for a meal that is nice, but not too nice (I'm looking at you, 16-course tasting menu at JG), when you're in Vegas.","['came here for lunch after a long night of partying.', ""i'm a huge fan of french food, and had definitely been craving it ever since i arrived at ph and saw that the paris was next door."", 'mon ami gabi definitely satisfied my craving!', 'a friend and i split the steak classique (steak with butter), and the quiche lorraine.', 'so good!!!', 'my friends seemed to enjoy their orders as well.', ""i only wish that the restaurant served steak tartare... i would've been on that like white on rice!"", 'side note, the bread is served warm and crusty, the way it should be.', 'i wanted to eat the whole baguette myself, not to lie... but highly disappointing was the cold butter!', ""definitely worth coming here for a meal that is nice, but not too nice (i'm looking at you, 16-course tasting menu at jg), when you're in vegas.""]",12,7968
616,SUSHISAMBA - Las Vegas,"I want to like this place SO MUCH.  The food that we got was delicious (the sea bass skewers are amazingly soft and flaky, and the black truffle sauce that comes with the fried green beans is TDF), BUT the service we got was horrible.  Our server was fine--she was upbeat and tried to work with our wants, but whomever it was that also talked to us was horrible.  

To be fair, we were a large group (about 14 or 15), and understandably it is hard to accommodate such a large group, let alone trying to get our food out at the same time.  Honestly, I could care less if my food came out at the same time as the people I had been sitting with.  Before we could even look at the menus to see what was available a la carte, the restaurant pushed us into this 'tasting menu' that would ""incorporate our tastes as well as some of their classic dishes""--sounds fine, but in a group of 14 or 15 people who have VERY varied tastes, that is almost impossible to do.  To begin with, some of our group members didn't eat any raw fish, and others were basically only interested in raw fish.  We eventually agreed to this tasting menu just out of an unwillingness to continue ""fighting"".  They tried to appease by sending us some shooters and edamame, grilled shishito peppers, and fried green beans to start.  Great, and thanks, but still not the best service you could ask for at a restaurant like here. 

If this rating were about the food only, I would give it 5 stars.  The food really is delicious, and the decor (while strange) goes well with the feel that the restaurant seems to be going for.  The pork in our meat sampler platter was overdone and dry, but two types of beefs that were perfectly cooked made up for it.  The appetizer of some sort of spicy tempura rock shrimp salad was moist with the perfect amount of chewiness and spring; it's spicy, but not in the give-me-milk-to-guzzle-now way.  The sushi that we were served, however, was pretty sub-standard.  I'm sure this was because it had to fall in line with our tasting menu price point (which somehow got haggled down); honestly, I did not come to SushiSamba just to get spicy tuna rolls.. I could get that anywhere. 

In short, come here if you're in a small group.  The food really is worth it, many times over.  I'm sure it will be a far more amazing trip than the one I had in a large group.","['i want to like this place so much.', 'the food that we got was delicious (the sea bass skewers are amazingly soft and flaky, and the black truffle sauce that comes with the fried green beans is tdf), but the service we got was horrible.', 'our server was fine--she was upbeat and tried to work with our wants, but whomever it was that also talked to us was horrible.', ""in short, come here if you're in a small group."", 'the food really is worth it, many times over.', ""i'm sure it will be a far more amazing trip than the one i had in a large group.""]",19,2269
617,Monkland Taverne,So noisy we could not have a conversation.   Asked to be moved.   There was a table available but not for us.   No accommodation made.  We left.  Won't return.,"['so noisy we could not have a conversation.', 'asked to be moved.', 'there was a table available but not for us.', 'no accommodation made.', 'we left.', ""won't return.""]",6,26
618,Brewsters Brewing Company & Restaurant,Love their food..I went for their mac and bacon dish and it was yummy....the butter chicken that my husband had was so good too. Would be nice to have more chicken in it but other than that the food rocked. Waitress was great and she looked busy since it was packed house when we came in on Tuesday night since it was wing night.,"['love their food..i went for their mac and bacon dish and it was yummy....the butter chicken that my husband had was so good too.', 'would be nice to have more chicken in it but other than that the food rocked.', 'waitress was great and she looked busy since it was packed house when we came in on tuesday night since it was wing night.']",3,8
619,Peters' Drive-In,I heard raves about onion rings being so good. I was a bit disappointed when I tried their onion rings. It tastes ok...not terrible but no seasoning to it. I like the A.&W.'s onion rings the best. Crispy and firm at most A&W's. Peter's were simple and bland. Maybe a bit like back in the 50's?  The burger was ok; it looked to be put together as an after thought and squished. The good thing is the variety milkshake flavours. That was what I was into; but for me; the milkshakes didn't have enough of that dairy/ice cream flavour for me. It was good but not giving me a wow factor. It didn't taste like real ice cream shake to me. I won't rave about it but don't hate it there. It's not a place I would want to go as top thing to do when in the area. Food is decent though.,"['i heard raves about onion rings being so good.', 'i was a bit disappointed when i tried their onion rings.', 'it tastes ok...not terrible but no seasoning to it.', ""i won't rave about it but don't hate it there."", ""it's not a place i would want to go as top thing to do when in the area."", 'food is decent though.']",16,226
620,Chez Cora,The food was good BUT the service was terrible. There was no spoon for my coffee; they ran out of spoons they said. The waitresses aren't too friendly either. They were busy with their cell; texting and I had to wait a while for my coffee to be refilled. I was pretty much ignored for most of the lunch. Won't go again due to poor services. Also my home fries were burnt/dry. Other than that..the egg Benedict was good.,"['the food was good but the service was terrible.', 'there was no spoon for my coffee; they ran out of spoons they said.', ""the waitresses aren't too friendly either."", 'they were busy with their cell; texting and i had to wait a while for my coffee to be refilled.', 'i was pretty much ignored for most of the lunch.', ""won't go again due to poor services."", 'also my home fries were burnt/dry.', 'other than that..the egg benedict was good.']",8,15
621,IL Forno,"We went there with our 9 and 11 year old. We didn't feel too welcome at all by the manager because we bought our 2 girls with us who behaved very well and it felt too ""upper class"" to even go there with kids even if they are older. Not a place to go with kids even though kids are allowed. 

The lasagne was good but a bit burnt on top which I didn't like. The Alfredo pasta was flavourless. Not too good. Was disappointed that they had no pizza for a month when we went there. 

The waitress was sweet. But the manager ignored us and went for the people who looked like they had more money to spend and talked to them about the variety of wines. 

There was a sign when I came in that said something like no hats allowed or take off your hats. That was fine with me but a bit taken aback by that sign which kind of set the negative tone in a sense. 

Don't think I would go again because it felt like setting a foot in a stranger's house and felt awkward there. Food was good though but hard to enjoy myself.","['we went there with our 9 and 11 year old.', 'we didn\'t feel too welcome at all by the manager because we bought our 2 girls with us who behaved very well and it felt too ""upper class"" to even go there with kids even if they are older.', 'not a place to go with kids even though kids are allowed.', ""the lasagne was good but a bit burnt on top which i didn't like."", 'the alfredo pasta was flavourless.', 'but the manager ignored us and went for the people who looked like they had more money to spend and talked to them about the variety of wines.', 'there was a sign when i came in that said something like no hats allowed or take off your hats.', 'that was fine with me but a bit taken aback by that sign which kind of set the negative tone in a sense.', ""don't think i would go again because it felt like setting a foot in a stranger's house and felt awkward there."", 'food was good though but hard to enjoy myself.']",13,15
622,Zenbu,My daughter and I are both picky about the sushi; she loves this place hands down so we only go here when the craving for sushi hits. The food is just amazing and delicious. My daughter often orders two plates of california rolls; her fave. Rice is good and food is just right. Not over or under cooked at all. I love their good prices; not even overpriced at all. :) The waitress was very sweet and nice. Hubs asked for extra pickled ginger and got that.,"['my daughter and i are both picky about the sushi; she loves this place hands down so we only go here when the craving for sushi hits.', 'the food is just amazing and delicious.', 'my daughter often orders two plates of california rolls; her fave.', 'rice is good and food is just right.', 'not over or under cooked at all.', 'i love their good prices; not even overpriced at all.', ':) the waitress was very sweet and nice.', 'hubs asked for extra pickled ginger and got that.']",8,14
623,Scooby-Do's Grooming,We live out of town and really just needed some place to watch our dog while we had lunch since it was too hot to leave him in the car. We decided to get him groomed and had a great experience. The staff was friendly and did a great job. The price was cheap compared to other places. They called when our dog was ready to be picked up and we told them we would be another 30 minutes until we could get there. That wasn't a problem!,"['we live out of town and really just needed some place to watch our dog while we had lunch since it was too hot to leave him in the car.', 'we decided to get him groomed and had a great experience.', 'the staff was friendly and did a great job.', 'the price was cheap compared to other places.', 'they called when our dog was ready to be picked up and we told them we would be another 30 minutes until we could get there.', ""that wasn't a problem!""]",6,52
624,Sunset Park,This is a nice off-leash dog park. There are plenty of spots to sit while your pup plays. There's not a ton of shade which was fine for our visit in late October but I imagine it's miserable in the summer. The park is separated by weight. There was a third area not being used due to maintenance. My reviews is only 4/5 stars because it's kind of a small park. It certainly does the job though!,"['this is a nice off-leash dog park.', 'there are plenty of spots to sit while your pup plays.', ""there's not a ton of shade which was fine for our visit in late october but i imagine it's miserable in the summer."", 'the park is separated by weight.', 'there was a third area not being used due to maintenance.', ""my reviews is only 4/5 stars because it's kind of a small park."", 'it certainly does the job though!']",7,243
625,Dogs All Day,"Took our 2 dogs for grooming here. While the groomer was nice he did an awful job. He had burnt the side of one of my dogs necks. There was burn scabs
For weeks afterwards. I let the groomer know, he apologized and said ill use a different Gaurd next time. We gave him another chance and this time the burn marks were even worse! He had two huge scabs on both sides of his neck. My dog was shaking the entire way home. I am not one to write reviews but had to in hopes that it might safe another dog having to go through this. I can't imagine how I'm gonna take him to another groomer, he's been traumatized.","['took our 2 dogs for grooming here.', 'while the groomer was nice he did an awful job.', 'he had burnt the side of one of my dogs necks.', 'there was burn scabs for weeks afterwards.', 'i let the groomer know, he apologized and said ill use a different gaurd next time.', 'we gave him another chance and this time the burn marks were even worse!', 'he had two huge scabs on both sides of his neck.', 'my dog was shaking the entire way home.', 'i am not one to write reviews but had to in hopes that it might safe another dog having to go through this.', ""i can't imagine how i'm gonna take him to another groomer, he's been traumatized.""]",10,30
626,Great Wall Chinese Medicine & Acupuncture,"I have been successfully treated by Dr. Xiao for 2 very different conditions.

1) I suffered a CTD / RSI hand/wrist injury due to my profession.  Rehabilitation doctors are not trained to detect minor amounts of inflammation and use a pain scale of 1-10 to quantify a patient's condition, or use expensive and uncomfortable diagnostic tests.  For a minor inflammatory condition, hand therapy and anti-inflammatory medicines were the prescribed course of action.  Unfortunately, a minor onset of more inflammation from overuse is not detectable by the hand therapist either, who is also trained with the pain scale.  Dr. Xiao is an expert detecting minor amounts of inflammation and could identify both where and how I sustained it.  She used a combination of deep tissue diagnosis and healing massage, herbal remedies, and acupuncture to remove the inflammation.  

Now, I am working with both Dr. Xiao and the hand therapist to build muscle and function.  I have regained a tremendous amount of strength and am well on the way towards a full recovery.

2) I had a persistent skin irritation lasting over a year that my dermatologist could not identify and prescribed steriodal creams for.  Dr. Xiao recognized it right away as an energy imbalance in the liver channel.  She used a combination of herbal remedies and acupuncture and cleared it away permanently after 4 months of treatments.

She is easily one of the best diagnosticians and practitioners that I have ever met, and she truly loves her work.  I cannot say enough about how she has dramatically improved my life.","['i have been successfully treated by dr. xiao for 2 very different conditions.', '1) i suffered a ctd / rsi hand/wrist injury due to my profession.', ""rehabilitation doctors are not trained to detect minor amounts of inflammation and use a pain scale of 1-10 to quantify a patient's condition, or use expensive and uncomfortable diagnostic tests."", 'for a minor inflammatory condition, hand therapy and anti-inflammatory medicines were the prescribed course of action.', 'unfortunately, a minor onset of more inflammation from overuse is not detectable by the hand therapist either, who is also trained with the pain scale.', '2) i had a persistent skin irritation lasting over a year that my dermatologist could not identify and prescribed steriodal creams for.', 'dr. xiao recognized it right away as an energy imbalance in the liver channel.', 'she used a combination of herbal remedies and acupuncture and cleared it away permanently after 4 months of treatments.', 'she is easily one of the best diagnosticians and practitioners that i have ever met, and she truly loves her work.', 'i cannot say enough about how she has dramatically improved my life.']",14,23
627,Spotless Carpet Care,"I had a vacant rental house with pet odor that a competitor carpet cleaner washed twice to eliminate the odor throughout all of the carpets.  Desperate not to have to do new carpeting, I found Spotless Carpet Care on the internet and called Steve.  He came over right away and knew exactly how to search for the problem spots using a black light (the prior cleaning company was not trained with this technique).  He found nothing on the surface, as the carpet had been previously washed but gave me a great deal to wash it on his own, as he had high confidence it would work.

When he came to clean, he was on time and very professional.  The cleaning was very thorough and brightened quite a bit, even after the previous cleanings.  I would definitely recommend him for pet owners or landlords that have to clean carpets after someone with pets leaves the property.","['i had a vacant rental house with pet odor that a competitor carpet cleaner washed twice to eliminate the odor throughout all of the carpets.', 'desperate not to have to do new carpeting, i found spotless carpet care on the internet and called steve.', 'he came over right away and knew exactly how to search for the problem spots using a black light (the prior cleaning company was not trained with this technique).', 'he found nothing on the surface, as the carpet had been previously washed but gave me a great deal to wash it on his own, as he had high confidence it would work.', 'when he came to clean, he was on time and very professional.', 'the cleaning was very thorough and brightened quite a bit, even after the previous cleanings.', 'i would definitely recommend him for pet owners or landlords that have to clean carpets after someone with pets leaves the property.']",7,12
628,Just-In Time Moving and Delivery,"I called Just-In Time on Monday to see if they could move a very large china buffet to Goodwill.  They were very professional and courteous and mentioned I could save some money with the Yelp Deal in place.

Robert and Rick, the crew, were very professional, on-time, and very efficient.  I was so impressed I wouldn't hesitate to use them again!

Thanks guys!","['i called just-in time on monday to see if they could move a very large china buffet to goodwill.', 'they were very professional and courteous and mentioned i could save some money with the yelp deal in place.', 'robert and rick, the crew, were very professional, on-time, and very efficient.', ""i was so impressed i wouldn't hesitate to use them again!"", 'thanks guys!']",5,441
629,Springmaster Garage Door Service,"We woke up this morning and found out that our garage would not open and we could not lift it due to a broken spring.  Wayne came out 2 hrs later and saved the day!  He was professional, courteous, and honest.  The repair will help our original garage door last another 10 years or so.

Thanks Wayne!","['we woke up this morning and found out that our garage would not open and we could not lift it due to a broken spring.', 'wayne came out 2 hrs later and saved the day!', 'he was professional, courteous, and honest.', 'the repair will help our original garage door last another 10 years or so.', 'thanks wayne!']",5,9
630,AAA Painters,"I recently had an interior paint job of bedrooms, bathrooms, trim, and touch up done through a competitor.  The price seemed to float higher and higher, even though I thought we had reached an agreement on the work to be done.  Needless to say, it left a bad taste in my mouth and some of the touch up looked terrible.  

I called David and he was incredibly helpful and sympathetic to my situation.  I bought a couple of gallons of paint and he made the most of the situation on a limited budget.  The house now looks fabulous and I will not hesitate to use him again! 

Thanks David!","['i recently had an interior paint job of bedrooms, bathrooms, trim, and touch up done through a competitor.', 'the price seemed to float higher and higher, even though i thought we had reached an agreement on the work to be done.', 'needless to say, it left a bad taste in my mouth and some of the touch up looked terrible.', 'i called david and he was incredibly helpful and sympathetic to my situation.', 'i bought a couple of gallons of paint and he made the most of the situation on a limited budget.', 'the house now looks fabulous and i will not hesitate to use him again!', 'thanks david!']",7,30
631,Showcase Mobile Detailing Solutions,I had two cars washed this week.  He washed one at home and the other at work.  He was prompt for both appointments and did an excellent job on both.  It was a great value and I will happily use him again.,"['i had two cars washed this week.', 'he washed one at home and the other at work.', 'he was prompt for both appointments and did an excellent job on both.', 'it was a great value and i will happily use him again.']",4,166
632,Pivonka Family Chiropractic,"Dr. Andy, Dr. Patty, Dr. Jeff, and the entire team has dramatically improved my spinal alignment on a permanent basis.  Yes, I said permanent!  It's not just them, its their combination of great talent, compassion, and a top notch methodology (chiropractic biophysics).  I used to get migraine headaches 1-2x per month...other talented chiropractors would be able to alleviate the symptoms after onset, but then it would come back again in a few weeks.  Since treating at Pivonka Chiropractic,  I have had 2 in a year, and the severity has been much less than before.  I used to have swallowing problems...this has also all but disappeared.  My shoulders could not relax.  Now they do.  I was so impressed, I sent my entire family.  

FYI: This form of chiropractic is not for those looking for a quick-fix!  It requires serious commitment, but I promise that the gain in your quality of life will be well worth it!","['dr. andy, dr. patty, dr. jeff, and the entire team has dramatically improved my spinal alignment on a permanent basis.', 'yes, i said permanent!', ""it's not just them, its their combination of great talent, compassion, and a top notch methodology (chiropractic biophysics)."", 'i used to get migraine headaches 1-2x per month...other talented chiropractors would be able to alleviate the symptoms after onset, but then it would come back again in a few weeks.', 'since treating at pivonka chiropractic,  i have had 2 in a year, and the severity has been much less than before.', 'my shoulders could not relax.', 'now they do.', 'i was so impressed, i sent my entire family.', 'fyi: this form of chiropractic is not for those looking for a quick-fix!', 'it requires serious commitment, but i promise that the gain in your quality of life will be well worth it!']",11,11
633,Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel,So cute ceremony that Elvis sung & had the Bride & Groom dance for #raykiko Ramon & Makiko Owens,['so cute ceremony that elvis sung & had the bride & groom dance for #raykiko ramon & makiko owens'],1,112
634,P.F. Chang's,"The food is really good, try the beef enchiladas with hot sauce go set at the bar when the mariachies are playing drink a corona eat some chips and just enjoy yourself.","['the food is really good, try the beef enchiladas with hot sauce go set at the bar when the mariachies are playing drink a corona eat some chips and just enjoy yourself.']",1,203
635,Big Smoke Burger,Never had better burgers before! My wife and I were looking for a place to have some dinner in Toronto's Fashion District. Going to Big Smoke Burger was the best decision we could ever make. I had the Big Smoke Burger which was simply awesome side by side with some very big and good tasting fried onion rings. My wife had the Chicken Burger with french fries. It was so delicious and the sauce was so tasty. We will definitely come back next time we are in Toronto.,"['never had better burgers before!', ""my wife and i were looking for a place to have some dinner in toronto's fashion district."", 'going to big smoke burger was the best decision we could ever make.', 'i had the big smoke burger which was simply awesome side by side with some very big and good tasting fried onion rings.', 'my wife had the chicken burger with french fries.', 'it was so delicious and the sauce was so tasty.', 'we will definitely come back next time we are in toronto.']",7,134
636,Hotpot Panda,"We are very happy to eat here. it is a great place for us to eat, and it is a traditional Chinese hot pot, perfect!!!","['we are very happy to eat here.', 'it is a great place for us to eat, and it is a traditional chinese hot pot, perfect!!', '!']",3,30
637,Pawsh Wash Pet Grooming,"Not impressed.  I took my Cavalier King Charles in today and gave them specific instructions about shaving his belly and legs and giving him a trim on top.  Not only did they not trim his belly but it looks like they just washed him, put a scarf on his neck, and called it a day.  We will be seeking a different groomer in the future.  It's slightly cheaper than other groomers, but who cares if your dog doesn't look right?  

Also, the shop seems a little haphazard in how it's run, dogs running around everywhere in a small space.","['not impressed.', 'i took my cavalier king charles in today and gave them specific instructions about shaving his belly and legs and giving him a trim on top.', 'not only did they not trim his belly but it looks like they just washed him, put a scarf on his neck, and called it a day.', 'we will be seeking a different groomer in the future.', ""it's slightly cheaper than other groomers, but who cares if your dog doesn't look right?"", ""also, the shop seems a little haphazard in how it's run, dogs running around everywhere in a small space.""]",6,64
638,Freed's Bakery,"Ordered my wife's birthday cake last minute and they worked with me to make it BEAUTIFUL!  Thank you, Freed's:).","[""ordered my wife's birthday cake last minute and they worked with me to make it beautiful!"", ""thank you, freed's:).""]",2,913
639,Grand Lux Cafe,"My friends and I went into Grand Lux Cafe at the Venetian for a late dinner and drinks.  The food was OK, our server was reasonably pleasant, but the night manager Matt Timms, when questioned about the cost of an item on our bill, was so off the charts rude- my friends and I will never come back!  Mr. Timms even went so far as to threaten to call my girlfriend's employer to make her look bad when he learned we were locals.  I've never seen someone lose their cool like that, especially not a manager.  There are many better options for restaurants within this casino.  Beware!","['my friends and i went into grand lux cafe at the venetian for a late dinner and drinks.', 'the food was ok, our server was reasonably pleasant, but the night manager matt timms, when questioned about the cost of an item on our bill, was so off the charts rude- my friends and i will never come back!', ""mr. timms even went so far as to threaten to call my girlfriend's employer to make her look bad when he learned we were locals."", ""i've never seen someone lose their cool like that, especially not a manager."", 'there are many better options for restaurants within this casino.', 'beware!']",6,2670
640,Spirit Airlines,"Spirit Airlines is the worst!  Hidden baggage fees, such as having to pay $50 for a carry-on.  This airline is poorly run and will nickel and dime you to death.","['spirit airlines is the worst!', 'hidden baggage fees, such as having to pay $50 for a carry-on.', 'this airline is poorly run and will nickel and dime you to death.']",3,1059
641,Align Chiropractic,"Never again.  I've been to numerous chiropractors and I've never walked out in this kind of excruciating pain (I left in a neck brace!)  I communicated several times that it was hurting and he kept pushing.  There are better, more experienced chiropractors out there.  Don't make the same mistake I did.","['never again.', ""i've been to numerous chiropractors and i've never walked out in this kind of excruciating pain (i left in a neck brace!)"", 'i communicated several times that it was hurting and he kept pushing.', 'there are better, more experienced chiropractors out there.', ""don't make the same mistake i did.""]",5,54
642,Hampton Inn Madison East Towne Mall Area,Front Desk was rude and not helpful whatsoever. The rooms were small and when we got to our room there was pee in the toilet still. Would choose a different hotel if I was you.,"['front desk was rude and not helpful whatsoever.', 'the rooms were small and when we got to our room there was pee in the toilet still.', 'would choose a different hotel if i was you.']",3,26
644,Super 8 by Wyndham Kent/Akron Area,"The worst stay I have ever had. I understand it is a cheap motel. With that being said; we ark for 1 room with one bed simple two night. We arrived and found they gave away that room. So they gave us an ""upgrade""we walk into a dirty room where the beds weren't made and towels left on the floor of the bathroom. So of corse we walk back to the front desk ask for a clean room. They gave us one just down the hall. As we lay on our bed we hear burn outs in the parking lot and now the building smells like burnt rubber. Mixed with the smoke and musty smell. I complained to the front desk and I was told I think the ""regulars"" are working on a car. At midnight mind you.  I look out side my window and they are tack welding and grinding out side. I will never stay here in my life and warn others.","['the worst stay i have ever had.', 'i understand it is a cheap motel.', 'with that being said; we ark for 1 room with one bed simple two night.', 'we arrived and found they gave away that room.', 'so they gave us an ""upgrade""we walk into a dirty room where the beds weren\'t made and towels left on the floor of the bathroom.', 'mixed with the smoke and musty smell.', 'i complained to the front desk and i was told i think the ""regulars"" are working on a car.', 'at midnight mind you.', 'i look out side my window and they are tack welding and grinding out side.', 'i will never stay here in my life and warn others.']",13,10
645,The Pub Chip Shop,"I took my kids here, because I was excited about their menu, and I was craving fish tacos, the crew at pub chip are awesome and the food was off the charts, my tacos were super fresh and my kids loved their food.  I plan to make many future visits.","['i took my kids here, because i was excited about their menu, and i was craving fish tacos, the crew at pub chip are awesome and the food was off the charts, my tacos were super fresh and my kids loved their food.', 'i plan to make many future visits.']",2,216
646,Amorino Gelato,Great selection of flavors. Everything I tried was tasty. The presentation was beautiful. Service was very quick considering the amount of work they put into some of the selections.,"['great selection of flavors.', 'everything i tried was tasty.', 'the presentation was beautiful.', 'service was very quick considering the amount of work they put into some of the selections.']",4,239
647,Stellar Home Services,"Paul is simply the best. He could of installed a new water heater but instead, he figured out that the old one was not broken- and told me! I have rentals and sell real estate, Paul gets the plumbing referral!","['paul is simply the best.', 'he could of installed a new water heater but instead, he figured out that the old one was not broken- and told me!', 'i have rentals and sell real estate, paul gets the plumbing referral!']",3,52
648,Riley's Nails & Spa,"Went in on a Sunday around 2pm and got care for within minutes. I had no appointment and there were quite a few people there. I got a mani/pedi. Overall, I am happy with my results and will definitely be returning. I love the prices :)","['went in on a sunday around 2pm and got care for within minutes.', 'i had no appointment and there were quite a few people there.', 'i got a mani/pedi.', 'overall, i am happy with my results and will definitely be returning.', 'i love the prices :)']",5,286
649,Bubble Bee,"I love fat straw! I used to work at Forever 21 which is right across from fat straw and I used to stop by and grab something to drink before work and on my break. I recommend Cali girl and BFF if you like sweet things. For coffee, I recommend the vanillachino.","['i love fat straw!', 'i used to work at forever 21 which is right across from fat straw and i used to stop by and grab something to drink before work and on my break.', 'i recommend cali girl and bff if you like sweet things.', 'for coffee, i recommend the vanillachino.']",4,178
650,The Parlor Aveda,"I've been searching for a new hairstylist, since I recently moved from Hawaii to Arizona. I couldn't find any good salons/stylist in Arizona, but thankfully I found Becca here in Las Vegas. She did an amazing job on my hair. I'm so in love with the outcome. I will be back for sure in july!","[""i've been searching for a new hairstylist, since i recently moved from hawaii to arizona."", ""i couldn't find any good salons/stylist in arizona, but thankfully i found becca here in las vegas."", 'she did an amazing job on my hair.', ""i'm so in love with the outcome."", 'i will be back for sure in july!']",5,326
651,IHOP,Eating breakfast at IHOP is a perfect way to start your day. They are having an All you can eat pancake special right now. I also love there red velvet and BM chocolate chip pancakes :),"['eating breakfast at ihop is a perfect way to start your day.', 'they are having an all you can eat pancake special right now.', 'i also love there red velvet and bm chocolate chip pancakes :)']",3,65
652,Asian Fusion Cafe,"My friend and I went here for lunch today. We got seated right away.. Took about 10 minutes for us to be greeted by our waiter. I ordered the curry beef stew and a honey dew slush. The curry had a good taste, but it had literally 2 pieces of meat and the rest was potatoes. We were done eating and we were waiting for the check... About 15-20 minutes.","['my friend and i went here for lunch today.', 'we got seated right away.. took about 10 minutes for us to be greeted by our waiter.', 'i ordered the curry beef stew and a honey dew slush.', 'the curry had a good taste, but it had literally 2 pieces of meat and the rest was potatoes.', 'we were done eating and we were waiting for the check... about 15-20 minutes.']",5,104
653,Paradise Hawaiian BBQ,"I lived in Hawaii for 18 years and I am familiar with all of the local bbq foods. I enjoyed eating at this place because it reminds me so much of ""home"". I just wished that they made the kal-bi in bigger portions. Other than that, everything else is good.","['i lived in hawaii for 18 years and i am familiar with all of the local bbq foods.', 'i enjoyed eating at this place because it reminds me so much of ""home"".', 'i just wished that they made the kal-bi in bigger portions.', 'other than that, everything else is good.']",4,187
654,Ken's Auto Repair,"I gotta give the place 2 stars because the staff is extremely nice. If that weren't the case I'd give this place 1 star because of their lack of knowledge. 

I have a 2008 6.4L diesel and it calls for 15W-40 in hot AZ weather. Newer ford diesels call for 10W-30. I should've checked to see they put in the right oil but when my wrench light came on and read a p012f DTC I knew immediately they put too light of oil in.","['i gotta give the place 2 stars because the staff is extremely nice.', ""if that weren't the case i'd give this place 1 star because of their lack of knowledge."", 'i have a 2008 6.4l diesel and it calls for 15w-40 in hot az weather.', 'newer ford diesels call for 10w-30.', ""i should've checked to see they put in the right oil but when my wrench light came on and read a p012f dtc i knew immediately they put too light of oil in.""]",5,28
655,Advanced Auto Service & Tire Centers,"I got an oil change here a few months ago. When the car was ready they informed me that my AC was out, which I already knew. They told me my compressor was shot and quoted me $1000 to replace it. I left bummed out. I finally got around to getting my AC fixed this week. I took the car to my usual shop, Granite Reef Auto to check it out. They told me there was no belt around the compressor. Well, $100 later I have AC! How did Advanced Auto come to the conclusion that my compressor was bad? I can never trust them after that. I will never go there again. Granite Reef Auto is great! They saved me $900. Advanced Auto was ready to take my $1000 and replace my already working compresdor. Shame on them. Really bad business!","['i got an oil change here a few months ago.', 'when the car was ready they informed me that my ac was out, which i already knew.', 'they told me my compressor was shot and quoted me $1000 to replace it.', 'advanced auto was ready to take my $1000 and replace my already working compresdor.', 'shame on them.', 'really bad business!']",16,19
656,Pho King Food Truck,"I got the Burrito Phorrito. It was not good. My kids got the Stir Fry. They said it was ok, but we all ordered the slow roasted brisket for our meat choice and it was almost completely all fat. Couldn't even finish my burrito due to all the nasty fatty brisket.","['i got the burrito phorrito.', 'it was not good.', 'my kids got the stir fry.', 'they said it was ok, but we all ordered the slow roasted brisket for our meat choice and it was almost completely all fat.', ""couldn't even finish my burrito due to all the nasty fatty brisket.""]",5,78
657,The Vig Fillmore,"Wow, walked in on a slow Sunday night. Sat at the bar for 8 minutes, there was nobody sitting near me, was totally ignored by the bartender. Got up and left. They would have easily made $50 from me. Worst service ever! I'll never go back.","['wow, walked in on a slow sunday night.', 'sat at the bar for 8 minutes, there was nobody sitting near me, was totally ignored by the bartender.', 'got up and left.', 'they would have easily made $50 from me.', 'worst service ever!', ""i'll never go back.""]",6,591
658,Tony's Barber Shop,"The place is kind of filthy. I tried it 4 or 5 times. The last time the barber didn't even finish the haircut and yanked the cover so that the hairs that she cut fell all over my clothes. The old guy was okay the first couple of times I went there, but there's no guarantee who you get and in any case you come out feeling like you need a shower urgently.","['the place is kind of filthy.', 'i tried it 4 or 5 times.', ""the last time the barber didn't even finish the haircut and yanked the cover so that the hairs that she cut fell all over my clothes."", ""the old guy was okay the first couple of times i went there, but there's no guarantee who you get and in any case you come out feeling like you need a shower urgently.""]",4,3
659,Tacos Tijuana,"Let me start off by saying this WAS my favorite Mexican spot in las Vegas. I drive from Southern Highlands just for the Pastor tacos! Usually I go late night but today I went in around 5 ish. Was greeted by the kitchen employees and when they asked what I wanted I nicely replied with ""I need a few minutes"". This man I never seen working there before said in Spanish a rude remark back to his coworkers about me saying I'm not ready yet. I was so offend, and he totally ruined my appetite so I left without ordering anything. Horrible experience for a loyal customer.","['let me start off by saying this was my favorite mexican spot in las vegas.', 'i drive from southern highlands just for the pastor tacos!', 'usually i go late night but today i went in around 5 ish.', 'was greeted by the kitchen employees and when they asked what i wanted i nicely replied with ""i need a few minutes"".', ""this man i never seen working there before said in spanish a rude remark back to his coworkers about me saying i'm not ready yet."", 'i was so offend, and he totally ruined my appetite so i left without ordering anything.', 'horrible experience for a loyal customer.']",7,202
660,True Food Kitchen,"Really really cool place!  I got the shrimp over noodles dish, and my friend got beef over cattle.  Everything is so fresh and the atmosphere is awesome!  I'll definitely be back very soon!","['really really cool place!', 'i got the shrimp over noodles dish, and my friend got beef over cattle.', 'everything is so fresh and the atmosphere is awesome!', ""i'll definitely be back very soon!""]",4,1048
661,Jump Street,"This place is pretty cool.  I had a great time playing dodgeball with my son.  The foam pit is fun, but kind of gross when I think about it.  Sweaty kids just dive into it and I know those foam blocks are just soaking it all in.  Lol.  Overall tho, pretty fun time.  Trampoline dodgeball is awesome!","['this place is pretty cool.', 'i had a great time playing dodgeball with my son.', 'the foam pit is fun, but kind of gross when i think about it.', 'sweaty kids just dive into it and i know those foam blocks are just soaking it all in.', 'lol.', 'overall tho, pretty fun time.', 'trampoline dodgeball is awesome!']",7,107
662,Salon Faith,"Great haircut!  Great experience.  You just have to try it.  They spend more time massaging, oiling and relaxing you're scalp, face, neck an shoulders than the actual haircut itself... And it's great!","['great haircut!', 'great experience.', 'you just have to try it.', ""they spend more time massaging, oiling and relaxing you're scalp, face, neck an shoulders than the actual haircut itself... and it's great!""]",4,40
663,Delux,This place was so cool looking!  Real dark with a moder/futuristic type feel with glowing blue lamps and crazy shaped decorations on the wall.  The Deluxe Burger was great and you get french fries in this little shopping car.  We got the 1/2 sweet potato 1/2 regular fries... great!  They even serve it with Fancy Sauce (Step Brothers reference.. but true story)!,"['this place was so cool looking!', 'real dark with a moder/futuristic type feel with glowing blue lamps and crazy shaped decorations on the wall.', 'the deluxe burger was great and you get french fries in this little shopping car.', 'we got the 1/2 sweet potato 1/2 regular fries... great!', 'they even serve it with fancy sauce (step brothers reference.. but true story)!']",5,962
664,Comerica Theater,"awesome looking theatre!  I love the way it's laid out.  We went to watch a ""Lead and Succeed"" business seminar and it was cool.  Food is really overpriced though.","['awesome looking theatre!', ""i love the way it's laid out."", 'we went to watch a ""lead and succeed"" business seminar and it was cool.', 'food is really overpriced though.']",4,193
665,Paradise Bakery & Cafe,Awesome place... Just upset they took my salmon salad off the menu.  No more fish at all and that's what I like to eat when I'm out.  Their cookies and acai berry drink are awesome!,"['awesome place... just upset they took my salmon salad off the menu.', ""no more fish at all and that's what i like to eat when i'm out."", 'their cookies and acai berry drink are awesome!']",3,52
666,Fantastic Sams Hair Salons,Lady was nice and did a good job on my sons hair.  My son is 6 and can be a pain in the butt with clippers.  She was done in 10 minutes too!  Only reason it's not a 5 star is because its just a haircut.  No cleanup or gel or anything after.  No water or cool amenities.  Worth the $7.99 I paid after coupon.,"['lady was nice and did a good job on my sons hair.', 'my son is 6 and can be a pain in the butt with clippers.', 'she was done in 10 minutes too!', ""only reason it's not a 5 star is because its just a haircut."", 'no cleanup or gel or anything after.', 'no water or cool amenities.', 'worth the $7.99 i paid after coupon.']",7,9
667,Fleet Feet Sports,"This place was awesome! I found out I had plantar fasciitis, which stinks since I have a 16 mile run to train for in November. Linda told me to come in and she'll take care of me. I was properly measured, asked a bunch of great questions and totally catered to. It was great. I got an awesome pair of new Nike running shoes that not only look really cool, but fit my feet perfectly. I also got an awesome set of running socks, inserts and a roller. They explained to me that I have tight calves, which can affect my feet the way it did. So, I got the roller to help break up the knots. I feel great and loved the experience. I'm not sure I'll ever just go to a Sports Authority again for sneakers. This was great!","['this place was awesome!', 'i found out i had plantar fasciitis, which stinks since i have a 16 mile run to train for in november.', ""linda told me to come in and she'll take care of me."", 'i was properly measured, asked a bunch of great questions and totally catered to.', 'it was great.', 'they explained to me that i have tight calves, which can affect my feet the way it did.', 'so, i got the roller to help break up the knots.', 'i feel great and loved the experience.', ""i'm not sure i'll ever just go to a sports authority again for sneakers."", 'this was great!']",12,35
668,VW Team - PropertyAZ,These guys are awesome!  I referred them over to my cousin who was having a hard time renting his home.  Brian V. got with him and totally took care of him.  He got him more than the asking price for the monthly rent and everything was handled with the best of care.  Totally recommend these guys and will continue to do so!,"['these guys are awesome!', 'i referred them over to my cousin who was having a hard time renting his home.', 'brian v. got with him and totally took care of him.', 'he got him more than the asking price for the monthly rent and everything was handled with the best of care.', 'totally recommend these guys and will continue to do so!']",5,14
669,Radiant Jewelers,"Beautiful jewelery, great staff, great price.  They were so personal and took their time with me and got me very taken care of.  Totally recommend.","['beautiful jewelery, great staff, great price.', 'they were so personal and took their time with me and got me very taken care of.', 'totally recommend.']",3,9
670,Classic Catering Ltd,Amazing catering company!  Their lasagna and 3 layer cookies are just like my mom made when I was younger!  Awesome!,"['amazing catering company!', 'their lasagna and 3 layer cookies are just like my mom made when i was younger!', 'awesome!']",3,21
671,Kitchen18,"Pretty cool place.  Because I checked in and got 15% off for doing so, I am switching my 4 star to a 5 star.  The food was great and I love places that give yelpers a deal!","['pretty cool place.', 'because i checked in and got 15% off for doing so, i am switching my 4 star to a 5 star.', 'the food was great and i love places that give yelpers a deal!']",3,107
672,Lucky Strike,Get the green tacos!  Atmosphere is great!  I don't think ill ever bowl at an amc again!  Spoiled!,"['get the green tacos!', 'atmosphere is great!', ""i don't think ill ever bowl at an amc again!"", 'spoiled!']",4,225
673,Copper Blues Rock Pub & Kitchen - Phoenix,"This place was so much fun!  The band was absolutely amazing.  The ONLY reason they didn't get a 5th star, was because I asked the hostess a few days beforehand if there was dancing, and she said ""yes, the band is awesome and they move the tables out so people can dance.""  The band WAS definitely amazing, but everyone kind of just stood there and my wife wanted to dance on her bday.  Other than that.... awesome!","['this place was so much fun!', 'the band was absolutely amazing.', 'the only reason they didn\'t get a 5th star, was because i asked the hostess a few days beforehand if there was dancing, and she said ""yes, the band is awesome and they move the tables out so people can dance.""', 'the band was definitely amazing, but everyone kind of just stood there and my wife wanted to dance on her bday.', 'other than that.... awesome!']",5,498
674,Seor Taco,Not a bad place.  Not a great place.  The price awards this a 4 star because it IS a really great value.  Churros and quesadillas were pretty awesome.,"['not a bad place.', 'not a great place.', 'the price awards this a 4 star because it is a really great value.', 'churros and quesadillas were pretty awesome.']",4,25
675,Accountingprose,AccountingProse are amazing!  It's so good to meet a bookkeeper that actually understands 1) technology and 2) that the goal should always be to make things easier for the client... not for them.  My experience has been amazing so far and I'm so glad to have started with them!,"['accountingprose are amazing!', ""it's so good to meet a bookkeeper that actually understands 1) technology and 2) that the goal should always be to make things easier for the client... not for them."", ""my experience has been amazing so far and i'm so glad to have started with them!""]",3,21
676,1st Choice Barbershop,Been coming here for years!  Russ is the man and his barbers are solid.  Haven't seen fades and service like this since NYC.  Great people.  Never leaving.,"['been coming here for years!', 'russ is the man and his barbers are solid.', ""haven't seen fades and service like this since nyc."", 'great people.', 'never leaving.']",5,66
677,Fiorella's,Really nice people.  The food is ok.  I thought it would be better.  Everyone's taste in Italian food is different though,"['really nice people.', 'the food is ok.  i thought it would be better.', ""everyone's taste in italian food is different though""]",3,35
678,Fry's Food Stores,"The people here are really nice.  We like coming here.  I wish they had a better ""health"" section.  It's pretty small.","['the people here are really nice.', 'we like coming here.', 'i wish they had a better ""health"" section.', ""it's pretty small.""]",4,17
679,Knockout Fitness,"Really cool boxing gym.  Would have gotten 5 star if they had longer hours and better weekend hours.  Other than that... It's really clean, staff is cool and the classes and instructors are awesome!  If u don't wok out late at night... You'll find this place a 5 star","['really cool boxing gym.', 'would have gotten 5 star if they had longer hours and better weekend hours.', ""other than that... it's really clean, staff is cool and the classes and instructors are awesome!"", ""if u don't wok out late at night... you'll find this place a 5 star""]",4,26
680,Appliance Certified,"Wow... talk about the absolute WORST company I've ever tried to do business with.  It does NOT get much worse than these guys.  First... a little background, I have never gone out of my way to complain about a company.  If you see my other reviews, you'll notice I go out of my way to rave about companies on here.  There's only 1 other negative review in my portfolio, and even that company is 4 stars compared to crappy old Appliance Certified.  

I used these guys about a year ago, and the guy that came over was cool and the price was reasonable.  So I actually referred them to about 3 people since and kept their magnet on my fridge. 

However, last week my sink started leaking and we were unable to use it anymore until fixed.  I called this company right away (Thursday) to book appt for the next day (Friday).  No call... no show.  I called back later in the day simply to leave a voicemail.  Saturday I called back and they said they'd have someone out Monday (after apologizing).  Monday came... no call... no show.  Typically, I know you should give up on a poor company like this.  But, I decided to give them one more chance.  Called Tuesday, and set up for today because I had a busy week and couldn't do it until that Friday.  Next Friday came, they called me at 9am to confirm.  Whew... then... didn't show.  1pm I called them and a woman said she'd get on the phone with dispatcher and call me back right away with an ETA.  3 hours later... no call... no show.  I called now twice only to leave another message. 

Bottom line:  This company shouldn't even be called a company.  The suck.  My 5 year old son is more responsible and considerate. If I had nothing else to do today, I would create 3 more Yelp accounts just so I can complain 3 more times.  One for every time they messed up.","[""wow... talk about the absolute worst company i've ever tried to do business with."", 'it does not get much worse than these guys.', 'first... a little background, i have never gone out of my way to complain about a company.', 'my 5 year old son is more responsible and considerate.', 'if i had nothing else to do today, i would create 3 more yelp accounts just so i can complain 3 more times.', 'one for every time they messed up.']",26,12
681,Albertsons,"Nice place. A lot of fruit options, which I like.  People have been there forever, too!","['nice place.', 'a lot of fruit options, which i like.', 'people have been there forever, too!']",3,26
682,Gypsy Bar,nice place.  They had a great guitar player that we listened to while having a drink for my wife's birthday.,"['nice place.', ""they had a great guitar player that we listened to while having a drink for my wife's birthday.""]",2,121
683,Uptown Alley,"pretty awesome place.  A lot to do and it's good for adults and kids.  My son, wife and I went to hang out with friends and had a blast.  Bowled the best game of my life!  130!! haha","['pretty awesome place.', ""a lot to do and it's good for adults and kids."", 'my son, wife and i went to hang out with friends and had a blast.', 'bowled the best game of my life!', '130!!', 'haha']",6,218
684,Ray's Pizza,"Love this pizza!  Very close to the style back home in jersey!  People are cool, too!","['love this pizza!', 'very close to the style back home in jersey!', 'people are cool, too!']",3,125
685,Twisted Italian,Went to dinner here w my wife for her bday.  Nice decor.  Food was pretty good.  Calamari was great.  Waitress was a little slow in service.  Overall... I'd go again.,"['went to dinner here w my wife for her bday.', 'nice decor.', 'food was pretty good.', 'calamari was great.', 'waitress was a little slow in service.', ""overall... i'd go again.""]",6,260
686,iPic Theaters,"Great place!  Tickets include popcorn, pillow and blanket with waiters.  Wow!","['great place!', 'tickets include popcorn, pillow and blanket with waiters.', 'wow!']",3,512
687,The Westin Kierland Resort & Spa,"wow!  such a beautiful place!  from the golf course to the bars and outside patio, it's great.  We went there for Infusioncon and it was awesome!","['wow!', 'such a beautiful place!', ""from the golf course to the bars and outside patio, it's great."", 'we went there for infusioncon and it was awesome!']",4,363
688,Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen,This place has been my favorite restaurant for 10 years.  It's amazing!  I always get the Mediterranean Calamari and oysters on half shell... But truthfully... Everything is awesome!  5 star!  Highly recommend if u enjoy seafood!,"['this place has been my favorite restaurant for 10 years.', ""it's amazing!"", 'i always get the mediterranean calamari and oysters on half shell... but truthfully... everything is awesome!', '5 star!', 'highly recommend if u enjoy seafood!']",5,1358
689,Harkins Theatre - Norterra 14,"Came here with my 2 year old daughter for our first date last night.  Halfway through the movie she got tired ad wanted to go home and when the front desk saw us leave, she asked if everything was ok.  We old her what happened and she gave us 2 free passes to come back again!  Awesome!  Clean place, great seating!","['came here with my 2 year old daughter for our first date last night.', 'halfway through the movie she got tired ad wanted to go home and when the front desk saw us leave, she asked if everything was ok.  we old her what happened and she gave us 2 free passes to come back again!', 'awesome!', 'clean place, great seating!']",4,110
690,AMC Deer Valley 30,I've come here quite a few times.  Pretty cool place.,"[""i've come here quite a few times."", 'pretty cool place.']",2,139
691,Foothills Recreation & Aquatics Center,"pretty cool place.  kind of annoyed that we were told they'd lower the hoop for my 6 year old son, then when we got there they said they couldn't do it. Overall, still a cool place though.","['pretty cool place.', ""kind of annoyed that we were told they'd lower the hoop for my 6 year old son, then when we got there they said they couldn't do it."", 'overall, still a cool place though.']",3,21
692,Wildlife World Zoo & Aquarium,Great time here!  So much to see!  The monkeys and giraffe where the best!,"['great time here!', 'so much to see!', 'the monkeys and giraffe where the best!']",3,522
693,Always Professional In Moving,"I met the owners through facebook and got to hear what a lot of their fans/friends/clients say about them.  Everyone said amazing things, and I can believe it with how great my relationship with the owners has gone in the few short months I've known them.  We are definitely using them for our next move and are referring them to anybody we find!  Great recommendation!","['i met the owners through facebook and got to hear what a lot of their fans/friends/clients say about them.', ""everyone said amazing things, and i can believe it with how great my relationship with the owners has gone in the few short months i've known them."", 'we are definitely using them for our next move and are referring them to anybody we find!', 'great recommendation!']",4,76
694,Midfirst Bank,"Really nice people and clean, slick looking bank.  Making the switch from Chase wasn't as easy as we promised, but they did try to make up for it.  I recommend joining.","['really nice people and clean, slick looking bank.', ""making the switch from chase wasn't as easy as we promised, but they did try to make up for it."", 'i recommend joining.']",3,3
695,Mountainside Fitness,"Been going here for 3 years.  Great gym.  Other than a pool they have everything u need!  Because of the no pool, I was going to give them a 4 star.  However, because they give yelpers an awesome deal by awarding them with a free smoothie and tan if they check in... It will be a 5 star!","['been going here for 3 years.', 'great gym.', 'other than a pool they have everything u need!', 'because of the no pool, i was going to give them a 4 star.', 'however, because they give yelpers an awesome deal by awarding them with a free smoothie and tan if they check in... it will be a 5 star!']",5,85
696,V's Barbershop,Great cuts!  Vadim is really good.  Got me to come back!,"['great cuts!', 'vadim is really good.', 'got me to come back!']",3,62
697,Squid Ink,This place is ok.  Cool atmosphere and the dishes taste pretty good.  Just a bit expensive for the portion size compared to other favorite places.,"['this place is ok.  cool atmosphere and the dishes taste pretty good.', 'just a bit expensive for the portion size compared to other favorite places.']",2,287
698,Cornerstone Chiropractic Clinic,Dr J. is very passionate about her work and builds solid relationships with all her clients.  She's great at what she does and is very very reasonably priced.  Definitely recommend.,"['dr j. is very passionate about her work and builds solid relationships with all her clients.', ""she's great at what she does and is very very reasonably priced."", 'definitely recommend.']",3,4
699,Panda Express,"This place is ok. With the had some fish items.  But ten again... I don't think they're known for their ""freshness"".  Most of the food just sits there for a while. It does taste pretty good tho.","['this place is ok. with the had some fish items.', 'but ten again... i don\'t think they\'re known for their ""freshness"".', 'most of the food just sits there for a while.', 'it does taste pretty good tho.']",4,24
700,Cooler Tymes,"Mike came out and fixed our AC again!  A whole new problem occurred and he spent the time to not only fix the problem, but show up later in the day to make sure everything was still running as expected.  He adjusted a few more things and the AC is running great.  Thanks Cooler Tymes!","['mike came out and fixed our ac again!', 'a whole new problem occurred and he spent the time to not only fix the problem, but show up later in the day to make sure everything was still running as expected.', 'he adjusted a few more things and the ac is running great.', 'thanks cooler tymes!']",4,100
701,Kawaii Sushi and Asian Cuisine,"This is our place!  They just started all you can eat sushi, too!  Order the volcano roll!","['this is our place!', 'they just started all you can eat sushi, too!', 'order the volcano roll!']",3,223
702,British Open English Pub & Grill,Pretty cool place.  A little hole in the wall bar.  Had a fun time with friends but we had to move tables because they were about to start trivia night.  Man those guys take that seriously.  It was packed with trivia people!!!,"['pretty cool place.', 'a little hole in the wall bar.', 'had a fun time with friends but we had to move tables because they were about to start trivia night.', 'man those guys take that seriously.', 'it was packed with trivia people!!', '!']",6,106
703,Shell - Phoenix Mini Mart,it was ok.  Got my gas and the people were a little rude.  But... it IS a gas station.,"['it was ok.  got my gas and the people were a little rude.', 'but... it is a gas station.']",2,6
704,Le Chalet,"Just had lunch here with my wife:  French onion soup - amazing!  Parisian Sandwich - 8 out of 10, crepe dessert with caramelized apples - 9 out of 10, atmosphere - very very cool!  Great date place!","['just had lunch here with my wife:  french onion soup - amazing!', 'parisian sandwich - 8 out of 10, crepe dessert with caramelized apples - 9 out of 10, atmosphere - very very cool!', 'great date place!']",3,190
705,Thai Basil - Ahwatukee,Seafood lunch red curry plate.  Awesome. Tiny little place but clean and comfortable atmosphere.  As soon as I walked in I smelled good food!  They have free wifi and waitress was really nice!,"['seafood lunch red curry plate.', 'awesome.', 'tiny little place but clean and comfortable atmosphere.', 'as soon as i walked in i smelled good food!', 'they have free wifi and waitress was really nice!']",5,130
706,Bamboo Cafe,Pretty good!  Coconut shrimp and sesame chicken is awesome.  Crab puffs are great too.,"['pretty good!', 'coconut shrimp and sesame chicken is awesome.', 'crab puffs are great too.']",3,125
707,Puerto Rico Latin Bar & Grill,"Amazing food!  I live Mexican food, but Puerto Rican food.... Wow!  Try the pernil and empanadas!  Malta Goya and flan was great too!  Definitely coming back with friends!","['amazing food!', 'i live mexican food, but puerto rican food.... wow!', 'try the pernil and empanadas!', 'malta goya and flan was great too!', 'definitely coming back with friends!']",5,151
708,The Arrogant Butcher,Great place and cool staff!  Cool atmosphere too.  Always good to know another great downtown spot!  Sit at the food bar!  The cooks are so awesome to talk to and you always have people taking care of you!  Crab legs are amazing too!!!,"['great place and cool staff!', 'cool atmosphere too.', 'always good to know another great downtown spot!', 'sit at the food bar!', 'the cooks are so awesome to talk to and you always have people taking care of you!', 'crab legs are amazing too!!', '!']",7,1814
709,Arizona Studios,These guys did a video for our wedding entrance a it was perfect!  Exactly what we wanted and they worked with us on price and schedule!  Totally recommend!  They're the best!,"['these guys did a video for our wedding entrance a it was perfect!', 'exactly what we wanted and they worked with us on price and schedule!', 'totally recommend!', ""they're the best!""]",4,4
710,Mi Comida Restaurante Latino,"Me and my son's favorite place!  Get the Ecuadorean tamales and seco de pollo!  Apple soda is great too!

PS:  Expect slower service, because it is TRULY mom and pop.  If you go in with this attitude, you'll really enjoy the experience.  If you want quick, timely servers that ask you how food is every 30 seconds, you may want to try Olive Garden or something.","[""me and my son's favorite place!"", 'get the ecuadorean tamales and seco de pollo!', 'apple soda is great too!', 'ps:  expect slower service, because it is truly mom and pop.', ""if you go in with this attitude, you'll really enjoy the experience."", 'if you want quick, timely servers that ask you how food is every 30 seconds, you may want to try olive garden or something.']",6,186
711,Cabin Coffee Cafe,"Great little atmosphere to work or meet with people.  I'm not a big coffee guy, so can't tell u if that's good or not.  But, I enjoyed it and the place just has a great feel to it!","['great little atmosphere to work or meet with people.', ""i'm not a big coffee guy, so can't tell u if that's good or not."", 'but, i enjoyed it and the place just has a great feel to it!']",3,158
712,Chace Salon,"I searched high and low for a good salon near me (even driving out to Glendale & Peoria) and found exactly what I was looking for at Chace Salon thorugh Christina.  Christina's the best, use her and you'll have no regrets!  You can simply explain what you want to her and she'll figure out how do cut and style so that it complements your features!

And the price is beyone reasonable for a great hair cut!","['i searched high and low for a good salon near me (even driving out to glendale & peoria) and found exactly what i was looking for at chace salon thorugh christina.', ""christina's the best, use her and you'll have no regrets!"", ""you can simply explain what you want to her and she'll figure out how do cut and style so that it complements your features!"", 'and the price is beyone reasonable for a great hair cut!']",4,37
713,Shauna's Paw Spa,"I had my big olde english sheepdog groomed here and they did a fine job and the price was on par with everyone else. Actually I think the price is about $10 more, but I'll pay the extra money because of the extra service this place provides.

I really appreciate that they have a pet taxi, bc of this service my dog gets a ride home for free (but we did tip the driver). Since I have a little child it's hard for me to bring my dog and pick him up on the days I would have time to pick him up, so the taxi is worth it for me. Bc of this service I can now drop off my dog before I go to work and my husband (on days he's caring for my daughter) can be home to let my dog inside. This is easier for me than having to bring my 100+ dog inside while holding my baby.

Shauna's is right next to Mountainside Fitness, it's right in Surprise so if you live in Surprise this place will be easy to get to. 

I also thought the service was great too. I'll definitely be taking my dog back here the next time he needs to get groomed.","['i had my big olde english sheepdog groomed here and they did a fine job and the price was on par with everyone else.', ""actually i think the price is about $10 more, but i'll pay the extra money because of the extra service this place provides."", 'i really appreciate that they have a pet taxi, bc of this service my dog gets a ride home for free (but we did tip the driver).', ""since i have a little child it's hard for me to bring my dog and pick him up on the days i would have time to pick him up, so the taxi is worth it for me."", ""bc of this service i can now drop off my dog before i go to work and my husband (on days he's caring for my daughter) can be home to let my dog inside."", 'this is easier for me than having to bring my 100+ dog inside while holding my baby.', ""shauna's is right next to mountainside fitness, it's right in surprise so if you live in surprise this place will be easy to get to."", 'i also thought the service was great too.', ""i'll definitely be taking my dog back here the next time he needs to get groomed.""]",9,11
714,Jimmy John's,"Best sandwiches I've had in a long time! And they'll deliver--if you fall in their small delivery zone-- 1 sandwich to you. This comes in handy for me while I'm at work and hungry! 

I love the bread & their mayo. YUM! I usually order the beach club. No complaints from me!","[""best sandwiches i've had in a long time!"", ""and they'll deliver--if you fall in their small delivery zone-- 1 sandwich to you."", ""this comes in handy for me while i'm at work and hungry!"", 'i love the bread & their mayo.', 'yum!', 'i usually order the beach club.', 'no complaints from me!']",7,64
715,Mountainside Fitness,"I joined this gym after leaving Fitness 1. This gym isn't perfect but is as close to perfect as I could ask for. 

I like the long hours the gym provides for daycare. And daycare will change dirty diapers!!! And for the most part I really do like the gym daycare employees (except I had an experience where the daycare manager was extremely rude, but I forgave that one instance because I figured she was having a bad day).

I also enjoy the towel service. & The equipment is great. The classes seem great though I have yet to attend a class. 

But I wish the gym would add free wifi for members to use while working out (so that I can watch netflix while working out), add some more channels to the equipment's tvs (I wish they would add e, bravo, mtv) and add a laundry shoot for towels inside the locker rooms. I even put in a request for the laundry shoot but Mountainside obviously just ignored my request. 

I also wish this location & all other locations would have a water service that they provide in their Scottsdale location. It seems like the west valley is constantly getting the short end of the stick and this is another example of that isn't it? & might be wrong but I think the Scottsdale location also has better tv channels than the Surprise gym does.

But despite those gripes I'm still a fan. This is the best gym in Surprise.","[""i joined this gym after leaving fitness 1. this gym isn't perfect but is as close to perfect as i could ask for."", 'i like the long hours the gym provides for daycare.', 'and daycare will change dirty diapers!!!', 'and for the most part i really do like the gym daycare employees (except i had an experience where the daycare manager was extremely rude, but i forgave that one instance because i figured she was having a bad day).', 'i also enjoy the towel service.', 'i also wish this location & all other locations would have a water service that they provide in their scottsdale location.', ""it seems like the west valley is constantly getting the short end of the stick and this is another example of that isn't it?"", '& might be wrong but i think the scottsdale location also has better tv channels than the surprise gym does.', ""but despite those gripes i'm still a fan."", 'this is the best gym in surprise.']",14,87
716,Saigon Kitchen,"I'd give this place 3 1/2 stars if I could. Because to me, this place isn't blow your socks off delicious! Instead it's just good enough. 

Look, when I'm craving pho I'm glad I have a place close by to order from, however it's just not as good as I'm used to back home. I think my problem is it doesn't taste as authentic as I'm used to. This place to me seems like it's trying to be asian fusion (like Pei Wei or PF Changs) when I just want pho nothing fancy just pho.

Though I did think the spring rolls were awesome!!!

But nonetheless it does fulfil my cravings without me having to drive 45 minutes, so I'm happy about that!","[""i'd give this place 3 1/2 stars if i could."", ""because to me, this place isn't blow your socks off delicious!"", ""instead it's just good enough."", ""look, when i'm craving pho i'm glad i have a place close by to order from, however it's just not as good as i'm used to back home."", ""i think my problem is it doesn't taste as authentic as i'm used to."", ""this place to me seems like it's trying to be asian fusion (like pei wei or pf changs) when i just want pho nothing fancy just pho."", 'though i did think the spring rolls were awesome!!!', ""but nonetheless it does fulfil my cravings without me having to drive 45 minutes, so i'm happy about that!""]",8,434
717,Seoul Korean Grill,"I love it here!

But you really need to order the all you can eat because the portions on the plate of meat are too little for the amount you're paying.  The all you can eat is around $25 / person & everyone at your table has to eat all you can eat or no one can order it. If you order the all you can eat then you don't have to pay extra for rice (which you really shouldn't have to do if you put in an order for meat--but that's just my opinion).

Seoul Grill recently revised their menu, so there are more options for different meats. They have added different flavors, which are so yummy! Try to spicy pork belly (sam gyop sal) that was recently added it's one of my favorites.

And remember when eating meat first order not marinated meats then order marinated because otherwise the marinated meats taste will disrupt the taste of the not marinated meat.   

I must say it's really nice not having to drive to Koreatown for a decent korean bbq place!

Oh and all the people who work here are so nice & helpful! I wish they would make a Seoul Grill in Surprise! We need a korean restaurant in Surprise!","['i love it here!', ""but you really need to order the all you can eat because the portions on the plate of meat are too little for the amount you're paying."", 'the all you can eat is around $25 / person & everyone at your table has to eat all you can eat or no one can order it.', ""if you order the all you can eat then you don't have to pay extra for rice (which you really shouldn't have to do if you put in an order for meat--but that's just my opinion)."", 'seoul grill recently revised their menu, so there are more options for different meats.', 'and remember when eating meat first order not marinated meats then order marinated because otherwise the marinated meats taste will disrupt the taste of the not marinated meat.', ""i must say it's really nice not having to drive to koreatown for a decent korean bbq place!"", 'oh and all the people who work here are so nice & helpful!', 'i wish they would make a seoul grill in surprise!', 'we need a korean restaurant in surprise!']",12,24
718,Cleo Beauty Salon,"I'm so glad I found this salon!!! After getting my hair burned last year & then finding out that Hair City in Phoenix closed I wasn't sure where to go to get my hair magic straightened. I even debated driving out to LA to get my hair done in Koreatown.

But luckily I received a referral to Cleo's from a Korean restaurant and so I went here and am glad I did!

I got my hair magic straightened (aka japanese straightened) and the stylist did a great job. Although my hair didn't come out perfectly, I blame myself because I recently had my hair highlighted at an american salon and apparently the american salon used bleach in my hair. And bleach plus magic will frizz hair. I learned this from the stylist at Cleo.

I have to give extra credit to the stylist at Cleo, because he kept asking me if I had used bleach in my hair for highlights. And I kept telling him no, but he kept asking so I finally called the salon where I had my hair highlighted where they told me that they do use bleach when highlighting! (unsure why they didn't use regular color since I was complaining about how my old highlights had turned yellow, and now my new highlights are turning yellow too! I think bleach highlights is too hard on my hair). I'm really glad the Cleo stylist was so adamant on finding out if bleach was used on my hair, otherwise I would have had a hair disaster this year (like I did last year!-- and no I did not have highlights on my hair last year, last year my hair was in perfect condition, no treatments had been done on my hair.)

I also saw that Cleo has machines for digital perms too. I might have to try this next year after I grow my hair out (since my hair is currently shorter than usual because of the disaster from last year)

Go here get your hair done by an expert. He told me he was trained in both Korea & Japan. So he speaks Korean, Japanese, & English. 

I believe magic straight costs about $150, at least that's what I paid. And digital perm costs around $130","[""i'm so glad i found this salon!!!"", ""after getting my hair burned last year & then finding out that hair city in phoenix closed i wasn't sure where to go to get my hair magic straightened."", 'i even debated driving out to la to get my hair done in koreatown.', 'so he speaks korean, japanese, & english.', ""i believe magic straight costs about $150, at least that's what i paid."", 'and digital perm costs around $130']",19,64
719,Pleasure Paradise Salon and Spa Arizona,"I'm always complaining about the lack of customer service in Arizona, but if you go to Pleasure Paradise Salon you will NOT have any customer service complaints!  Believe you me!

I also had the best massage by Kimber. I'm always having neck / upper back pain because of stress & taking care of a young baby but Kimber gave my upper back so much attention that I finally found relief in my back. 

And everyone from was so nice! One stop shop for hair, body, & nail care!","[""i'm always complaining about the lack of customer service in arizona, but if you go to pleasure paradise salon you will not have any customer service complaints!"", 'believe you me!', 'i also had the best massage by kimber.', ""i'm always having neck / upper back pain because of stress & taking care of a young baby but kimber gave my upper back so much attention that i finally found relief in my back."", 'and everyone from was so nice!', 'one stop shop for hair, body, & nail care!']",6,16
720,Helen's Magic Hair,"Helen's was terrible.  I got magic straight at Helens I think I paid $150 ish and she did not know what she was doing.  & kept blaming me, and kind of made me feel stupid my korean was not on par with hers.  

Then when I called to tell her it didn't come out she had me come in again.  Attempted it again but given she doesn't know what she's doing obviously it didn't come out.  

She also laughed when I asked her to cut my white husband's hair.  Told me to go to a white salon.  I thought she was really rude.  Hair city is waaaaay better.  623) 847-0308

Hair city has on multiple occasions successfully straightened my hair (hair city did give me a funky hair cut once)","[""helen's was terrible."", 'i got magic straight at helens i think i paid $150 ish and she did not know what she was doing.', '& kept blaming me, and kind of made me feel stupid my korean was not on par with hers.', ""then when i called to tell her it didn't come out she had me come in again."", ""attempted it again but given she doesn't know what she's doing obviously it didn't come out."", ""she also laughed when i asked her to cut my white husband's hair."", 'told me to go to a white salon.', 'i thought she was really rude.', 'hair city is waaaaay better.', '623) 847-0308  hair city has on multiple occasions successfully straightened my hair (hair city did give me a funky hair cut once)']",10,17
721,Moore Insurance Agency,"Best insurance agency! Specialiazed in auto, home, life & business insurance","['best insurance agency!', 'specialiazed in auto, home, life & business insurance']",2,3
722,Exclusively Imports,"Family owned , Mike and Kelly (owners) are both very nice and both know their stuff. It's nice going to a repair shop that I trust isn't taking advantage of me! And it's nice walking in and speaking to the owners. Great customer service! 

Every time I go to one of those other repair shops they come up with a list of stuff to fix -- and when I check in with my father in law or friends they tell me those repairs are not necessary for my vehicles!

Go here and you can trust what Mike & Kelly say!","['family owned , mike and kelly (owners) are both very nice and both know their stuff.', ""it's nice going to a repair shop that i trust isn't taking advantage of me!"", ""and it's nice walking in and speaking to the owners."", 'great customer service!', 'every time i go to one of those other repair shops they come up with a list of stuff to fix -- and when i check in with my father in law or friends they tell me those repairs are not necessary for my vehicles!', 'go here and you can trust what mike & kelly say!']",6,13
723,Fitness 1,"I've been a member here for 4 or 5 years.  I only pay $9 / month and the gym had everything I need... that is until I had a baby.  Look you know what you're getting at this gym.  It's kind of a no frills but cheap gym that's clean enough. So it worked for me during these past years.

the daycare hours that the gym are ok but the daycare workers don't change a baby's dirty diapers and instead page the parent which is disruptive to a workout.  Also the daycare hours (for me) don't start early enough.  So I'm sad to say I'm going to be switching to another gym probably at the new year.  

But I did enjoy working out at Fitness during the past 4/5 years.  And all the gym workers are so nice and quick to help out with any billing issues (of which I have had too many!).  So I am sad to be switching.  But need to so that I can work out around my & my baby's schedules.","[""i've been a member here for 4 or 5 years."", 'i only pay $9 / month and the gym had everything i need... that is until i had a baby.', ""look you know what you're getting at this gym."", ""it's kind of a no frills but cheap gym that's clean enough."", 'so it worked for me during these past years.', ""so i'm sad to say i'm going to be switching to another gym probably at the new year."", 'but i did enjoy working out at fitness during the past 4/5 years.', 'and all the gym workers are so nice and quick to help out with any billing issues (of which i have had too many!).', 'so i am sad to be switching.', ""but need to so that i can work out around my & my baby's schedules.""]",12,38
724,The Melting Pot,"Went here to celebrate my anniversary. Food was good. But not lick the bowl clean good. 

For the amount of money we spent I think we could have done better. But the meal was fine. Service was great. 

Dessert is to die for. Pound cake & chooclate fondue. Enough said! 

I agree with other posters who suggest just going for dessert. The food isn't worth the price.","['went here to celebrate my anniversary.', 'food was good.', 'but not lick the bowl clean good.', 'for the amount of money we spent i think we could have done better.', 'but the meal was fine.', 'dessert is to die for.', 'pound cake & chooclate fondue.', 'enough said!', 'i agree with other posters who suggest just going for dessert.', ""the food isn't worth the price.""]",11,200
725,Estrella Nails,"This used to be my favorite nail salon in Surprise.  But I think they changed ownership (in fact I saw that they changed ownership-- at least that's what they're advertising in the Surprise weekly).  

Anyway, I received a white tip pedi from a new tech (female).  She did not paint even  lines.  And when I looked at my toes the lines were a mess and did not match one another.  Some were lower, some were shorter.  It's hard to explain but  my toes did not resemble one another.  I asked if she could fix the lines.  And she had to redo the lines and still couldn't get it right.

Look, getting a pedicure is a service and I want it to look nice.  And the fact I'm paying extra for the white tip... I feel like they should get it right.

I've been getting pedicures for years and have never complained.  

Anyway, it was obvious I wasn't happy, the manager(?) Kevin came and looked at my pedi and told me it looked fine to him.  They know me at this salon.  I think even if they thought I was imagining the concerns (which I was not) I think they should have had another tech redraw the lines or comp something to make me feel valued.  Instead they made me feel worthless as a customer by telling me there was nothing wrong.

So I got upset, passed on the manicure, paid for the pedicure and left.

I've been going to this nail salon for years, I think 2 years.  They know me at this salon.  And to question me when I'm upset about something just doesn't make me happy.  

I'm not going back to this salon.","['this used to be my favorite nail salon in surprise.', ""but i think they changed ownership (in fact i saw that they changed ownership-- at least that's what they're advertising in the surprise weekly)."", 'anyway, i received a white tip pedi from a new tech (female).', 'they know me at this salon.', ""and to question me when i'm upset about something just doesn't make me happy."", ""i'm not going back to this salon.""]",22,53
726,Lose It Now Laser,"I've had 3 treatments so far from Sabrina and love it. Her prices are great & she's super nice & attentive to boot! Great customer service! She'll rearrange her schedule as much as she can to help accommodate my sometimes hectic schedule. 

Sabrina's customer service is so much better than the other laser place I've been to.","[""i've had 3 treatments so far from sabrina and love it."", ""her prices are great & she's super nice & attentive to boot!"", 'great customer service!', ""she'll rearrange her schedule as much as she can to help accommodate my sometimes hectic schedule."", ""sabrina's customer service is so much better than the other laser place i've been to.""]",5,8
727,Lavender's Day Spa,"the girls who work here and provide the services such as waxes, or massages do a great job!

But the customer service from the girls at the front desk is awful. SO terrible I don't want to go here again. Like those girls are so snotty and rude. I'm unsure why they think that's how they should be doing their job.","['the girls who work here and provide the services such as waxes, or massages do a great job!', 'but the customer service from the girls at the front desk is awful.', ""so terrible i don't want to go here again."", 'like those girls are so snotty and rude.', ""i'm unsure why they think that's how they should be doing their job.""]",5,40
728,131 MAIN Restaurant,Excellent service and experience all around. Sometimes you can tell the quality of a restaurant by how they handle the simplist things.  Their prime rib sandwich with au jus dip was perfect and tender. Highly recommend,"['excellent service and experience all around.', 'sometimes you can tell the quality of a restaurant by how they handle the simplist things.', 'their prime rib sandwich with au jus dip was perfect and tender.', 'highly recommend']",4,286
729,Joe's Farm Grill,"We have been going to Phoenix for sometime now, but only recently learned of Joes Farm Grill. We tried it out, and let me tell you, it was awesome. Their portions were just right, and even though I was full when we left, I didn't feel gross like I do at other restaurants. I had the BBQ chicken pizza, and I loved it. Thin, flatbread crust made for a light pizza, very tasty pizza. My wife had the chicken Caesar salad. She gets that salad so often that she knows her Caesars, and she said this was her favorite dressing. And the chicken of course was amazing as well.","['we have been going to phoenix for sometime now, but only recently learned of joes farm grill.', 'we tried it out, and let me tell you, it was awesome.', ""their portions were just right, and even though i was full when we left, i didn't feel gross like i do at other restaurants."", 'i had the bbq chicken pizza, and i loved it.', 'thin, flatbread crust made for a light pizza, very tasty pizza.', 'my wife had the chicken caesar salad.', 'she gets that salad so often that she knows her caesars, and she said this was her favorite dressing.', 'and the chicken of course was amazing as well.']",8,1884
730,Bloor Dufferin Dental Centre,"I've been to see Dr. Tom Nguyen for the past few years.  He explains things clearly, he's friendly and is willing to take the time to answer questions.  He does the cleaning himself, which means that you get more time with your dentist.  The cleanings have always been free of any significant pain (as little discomfort as a trip to the dentist can be, anyway!).  He has never suggested any costly/unnecessary procedures (which I'd recently heard can happen), and I'm glad that he noticed some gum recession and suggested that I see a periodontist to prevent problems in the future.  Appointments have always been easy to get.  All in all, a great dentist!","[""i've been to see dr. tom nguyen for the past few years."", ""he explains things clearly, he's friendly and is willing to take the time to answer questions."", 'he does the cleaning himself, which means that you get more time with your dentist.', 'the cleanings have always been free of any significant pain (as little discomfort as a trip to the dentist can be, anyway!).', ""he has never suggested any costly/unnecessary procedures (which i'd recently heard can happen), and i'm glad that he noticed some gum recession and suggested that i see a periodontist to prevent problems in the future."", 'appointments have always been easy to get.', 'all in all, a great dentist!']",7,4
731,Hirut,"Hirut is great.  Delicious food, friendly staff, a down-to-earth feel.  I couldn't ask for more.  It's my favourite Ethiopian place in town... I think partly because it doesn't feel like it is trying hard to be great; it just is.  I haven't been for any live events, but I love the idea that they do this.","['hirut is great.', 'delicious food, friendly staff, a down-to-earth feel.', ""i couldn't ask for more."", ""it's my favourite ethiopian place in town... i think partly because it doesn't feel like it is trying hard to be great; it just is."", ""i haven't been for any live events, but i love the idea that they do this.""]",5,13
732,Bouchon Bakery at the Venetian Theater,"I am giving 4 stars for the coffee, otherwise it would only be three. My croissant tasted dry and as if it was made a few days ago. However, I could tell it was yummy. I find it very difficult to find a good cup of coffee out of my house and neighborhood, since we are spoiled in the Bay Area. Sure enough, they actually use a Bay Area roaster (Equator) and it was great and quite the relief!","['i am giving 4 stars for the coffee, otherwise it would only be three.', 'my croissant tasted dry and as if it was made a few days ago.', 'however, i could tell it was yummy.', 'i find it very difficult to find a good cup of coffee out of my house and neighborhood, since we are spoiled in the bay area.', 'sure enough, they actually use a bay area roaster (equator) and it was great and quite the relief!']",5,1115
733,Skin Therapy By Ciara,I rarely leave reviews. That being said I have to let the world know that Ciarra not only gave me the best facial I have ever had. She also managed to make me relax enough to enjoy it! I have a hard time relaxing. Her amazing personality put me right at ease. You can tell right off the get go she knows what she is doing and she is a beautiful person!,"['i rarely leave reviews.', 'that being said i have to let the world know that ciarra not only gave me the best facial i have ever had.', 'she also managed to make me relax enough to enjoy it!', 'i have a hard time relaxing.', 'her amazing personality put me right at ease.', 'you can tell right off the get go she knows what she is doing and she is a beautiful person!']",6,5
734,Oscar's Pier 83,We ordered the 2 fish combo and fish burrito. I found the best idem to be their cocktail sauce. Over priced. Small portions.,"['we ordered the 2 fish combo and fish burrito.', 'i found the best idem to be their cocktail sauce.', 'over priced.', 'small portions.']",4,429
735,Red Lobster,We went there on our anniversary this year on December 6 th .I was concerned after reading the reviews from different sights .wow! We're we happy we ignored them . excellent service and the food was perfect Miriam( I think was our servers name ) and she was fantastic .I did feel the prices were high or should I say  higher than I want to pay .but the lady has put up with me for 48 yrs.so I think she deserved it .the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is for the prices .,"['we went there on our anniversary this year on december 6 th .i was concerned after reading the reviews from different sights .wow!', ""we're we happy we ignored them ."", ""excellent service and the food was perfect miriam( i think was our servers name ) and she was fantastic .i did feel the prices were high or should i say  higher than i want to pay .but the lady has put up with me for 48 yrs.so i think she deserved it .the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is for the prices .""]",3,74
736,The Shop Beer Co,What a great spot and atmosphere! Oh and their beer is some of the best AZ stuff around! Can't wait to day drink there.,"['what a great spot and atmosphere!', 'oh and their beer is some of the best az stuff around!', ""can't wait to day drink there.""]",3,122
737,OHSO Brewery- Arcadia,"I am in love with this place. Today was my first time and we need one in Tucson immediately! 

The parking lot was packed and just as I was about to get irritated I noticed there is complimentary valet service. Que  fancy! 

The inside is super casual and clean and the staff was awesome! We didn't get to sit outside in the crazy cool and dog friendly patio. I saw a dog sitting on the a table outside! 

I ordered from the $10 brunch menu. Food plus 10oz beer or mimosa. I had the breakfast wrap, the wife had the breakfast flat bread. I recommend both. My girls had chicken tenders which were actual chicken with a tasty fried covering. They loved their food too. 

If you have kids, a dog, and hankering for good food you owe it to yourself to come here.","['i am in love with this place.', 'today was my first time and we need one in tucson immediately!', 'the parking lot was packed and just as i was about to get irritated i noticed there is complimentary valet service.', 'que  fancy!', 'the inside is super casual and clean and the staff was awesome!', 'i had the breakfast wrap, the wife had the breakfast flat bread.', 'i recommend both.', 'my girls had chicken tenders which were actual chicken with a tasty fried covering.', 'they loved their food too.', 'if you have kids, a dog, and hankering for good food you owe it to yourself to come here.']",14,1130
738,Forefathers Gourmet Cheesesteaks & Fries,"This place has 2 sandwiches cheese steak and cheese chicken! There are some small eats for kiddos but you owe it to yourself to stop here after a long IKEA hike. The bread is what seals the deal for me. 
I had the chicken with cheese whiz and buffalo sauce. #nailedit! 

The staff was also crazy nice! No five stars only because I thought they served other types of sandwiches too.","['this place has 2 sandwiches cheese steak and cheese chicken!', 'there are some small eats for kiddos but you owe it to yourself to stop here after a long ikea hike.', 'the bread is what seals the deal for me.', 'i had the chicken with cheese whiz and buffalo sauce.', '#nailedit!', 'the staff was also crazy nice!', 'no five stars only because i thought they served other types of sandwiches too.']",7,432
739,The Coffee Cup,"A must stop on your way back from Vegas! 

I had the huevos rancheros with their signature green chili and pork. So good! The portion to price ratio was a nice return to normal coming from the land of a $10 beer on the strip 30 minutes away. The eggs were cooked just right and the pork green chili was smothered over the fried tortillas and beans. If you like green chili and solid breakfast food you have to take the very quick detour into the historic downtown area. 

I'm sure there is a wait almost every weekend but that will give you some time to do some antiquing. 

I'll definitely be going back!","['a must stop on your way back from vegas!', 'i had the huevos rancheros with their signature green chili and pork.', 'so good!', 'the portion to price ratio was a nice return to normal coming from the land of a $10 beer on the strip 30 minutes away.', 'the eggs were cooked just right and the pork green chili was smothered over the fried tortillas and beans.', 'if you like green chili and solid breakfast food you have to take the very quick detour into the historic downtown area.', ""i'm sure there is a wait almost every weekend but that will give you some time to do some antiquing."", ""i'll definitely be going back!""]",8,576
740,iPic Theaters,"This theatre is the ultimate splurge!  From the comfy recliners complete with blanket and pillow (in the premium seating) to the fantastic wait staff you couldn't ask for a more luxurious way to watch a movie.  Being able to book online and have reserved seats is very convenient.  Yeah, it's expensive (total of $250 for premium seating and dinner for 5-no alcohol involved) but is worth it for a nice evening out with friends once in awhile!","['this theatre is the ultimate splurge!', ""from the comfy recliners complete with blanket and pillow (in the premium seating) to the fantastic wait staff you couldn't ask for a more luxurious way to watch a movie."", 'being able to book online and have reserved seats is very convenient.', ""yeah, it's expensive (total of $250 for premium seating and dinner for 5-no alcohol involved) but is worth it for a nice evening out with friends once in awhile!""]",4,512
741,San Tan Volkswagen,"Bought a used beetle at a dealer out of state and had a small problem with it on the way home.  Called San Tan VW service department the next day and was pleasantly surprised how friendly the people were on the phone.  I took the vehicle there the same day and was greeted by Jeff Aguilar in service who looked at the car and called me within the hour with the diagnosis.  The next day, the car was ready, fixed right and freshly washed. They even worked with the dealer in California that I bought the car from for payment.  I will be bringing the car back for regular maintenance without hesitation.  Thanks and keep up the good work!","['bought a used beetle at a dealer out of state and had a small problem with it on the way home.', 'called san tan vw service department the next day and was pleasantly surprised how friendly the people were on the phone.', 'i took the vehicle there the same day and was greeted by jeff aguilar in service who looked at the car and called me within the hour with the diagnosis.', 'the next day, the car was ready, fixed right and freshly washed.', 'they even worked with the dealer in california that i bought the car from for payment.', 'i will be bringing the car back for regular maintenance without hesitation.', 'thanks and keep up the good work!']",7,106
742,Fiesta Mexicana,"Went tonight for a quick dinner which turned out to be over an hour.  Nice decor, very clean but the very slow service (40min wait for our entrees) was way too long.  Never saw the waitress again after we placed the order until it was time for the check.  When the food arrived, it was only lukewarm and despite my attempt to flag down a waiter to refill our drinks, we were basically ignored.  Can't see this place lasting any longer than the other places that have been it this location, will not return.","['went tonight for a quick dinner which turned out to be over an hour.', 'nice decor, very clean but the very slow service (40min wait for our entrees) was way too long.', 'never saw the waitress again after we placed the order until it was time for the check.', 'when the food arrived, it was only lukewarm and despite my attempt to flag down a waiter to refill our drinks, we were basically ignored.', ""can't see this place lasting any longer than the other places that have been it this location, will not return.""]",5,175
743,Tint AZ Mobile Window Tinting,"Called Adam to tint my VW beetle.  He called back immediately with a quote and even beat the current Groupon price, plus he comes to you which made the deal even sweeter.  The car came out fantastic and he cleaned up all the overspray and left the car cleaner than it was.  Highly recommended! Thanks again Adam.","['called adam to tint my vw beetle.', 'he called back immediately with a quote and even beat the current groupon price, plus he comes to you which made the deal even sweeter.', 'the car came out fantastic and he cleaned up all the overspray and left the car cleaner than it was.', 'highly recommended!', 'thanks again adam.']",5,57
744,Charlotte Motor Speedway,Kudos to Charlotte Motor Speedway!! They took a situation that was less than idea at the All Star Race and turned it into a customer service win. Here is what happened. I used Ticketmaster to buy 6 tickets to the All Star Race. I browsed a few sections then wound up buying tickets in Chrysler section K. When we arrived at our section we were informed that it was a no alcohol section. I didn't remember seeing anything on the website (i went back and looked and there was at the checkout page and because of the way I searched I missed the one on the main page) or on my tickets. I was told to go exchange my tickets the gate. The employees at gate 3 said they did not have access to the Ticketmaster system so I would have to go to gate 4. At this point I'm not pleased but I head to gate 4. I show the employee my tickets on my phone and he hands in over to someone else. After about 20 or 30 minutes I'm informed by someone who I assume is a supervisor that the usher is wrong and that our tickets are not in an alcohol free zone and there is no need to exchange them and that the map displayed in the window of the ticket booth showing this as an alcohol free zone was wrong and out of date. At this point we have missed about a 1/4 of qualifying. We head back to our seats and inform the usher that we were told that it was ok to drink here. He said absolutely not and that the ticket person was wrong. At this point I'm furious. So we walk down into the next section and head toward the bottom to find some open seats and hope we are not sitting in someone else's seats (luckily we weren't as most of them around us filled up). Upon calling the ticket office today and explaining what happened the agent said I did miss the no alcohol writing at the checkout page but offered me 6 tickets to next years race to make up for the inconvenience!!! Way to go CMS even though we regularly attend races here you now have a customer for life!,"['kudos to charlotte motor speedway!!', 'they took a situation that was less than idea at the all star race and turned it into a customer service win.', 'here is what happened.', ""so we walk down into the next section and head toward the bottom to find some open seats and hope we are not sitting in someone else's seats (luckily we weren't as most of them around us filled up)."", 'upon calling the ticket office today and explaining what happened the agent said i did miss the no alcohol writing at the checkout page but offered me 6 tickets to next years race to make up for the inconvenience!!!', 'way to go cms even though we regularly attend races here you now have a customer for life!']",16,65
745,Charanda Mexican Grill & Cantina,I have eaten here quite a few times and the food is good. The 2 stars is because they no longer have limes!(trying to get a response) I ordered a margarita (ultimate which was very good) and when I asked for a lime the bartender said they had stopped ordering them because they were too expensive! Now granted this didn't make or break my meal but that was one of the strangest things I have heard. It wasn't like it was $2 margarita night ($9 to be exact) Hopefully someone in management will see this and respond. If you like a lime with your margarita or your Mexican beer you may want to pass until they they make a better business decision,"['i have eaten here quite a few times and the food is good.', 'the 2 stars is because they no longer have limes!', '(trying to get a response) i ordered a margarita (ultimate which was very good) and when i asked for a lime the bartender said they had stopped ordering them because they were too expensive!', ""now granted this didn't make or break my meal but that was one of the strangest things i have heard."", ""it wasn't like it was $2 margarita night ($9 to be exact) hopefully someone in management will see this and respond."", 'if you like a lime with your margarita or your mexican beer you may want to pass until they they make a better business decision']",6,88
746,Sky Asian Bistro,We are regulars but tonight we tried Korean short ribs which were amazing!  If you haven't tried this place the sushi and everything else is so good!,"['we are regulars but tonight we tried korean short ribs which were amazing!', ""if you haven't tried this place the sushi and everything else is so good!""]",2,155
747,L'Atelier de Jol Robuchon,"Had the Lobster with pasta a la carte - $45ish. 

It was the best pasta lobster dish I have ever had - period. I am Italian and have been eating homemade pasta for years.  This rivals my great-grandmothers cooking.","['had the lobster with pasta a la carte - $45ish.', 'it was the best pasta lobster dish i have ever had - period.', 'i am italian and have been eating homemade pasta for years.', 'this rivals my great-grandmothers cooking.']",4,1004
748,Midway Nissan,My midway nissan review. This place is not honest.  My experience with them is that they will not honor their commitment to you.  Don't shop here. They are liars!,"['my midway nissan review.', 'this place is not honest.', 'my experience with them is that they will not honor their commitment to you.', ""don't shop here."", 'they are liars!']",5,195
749,First Choice Moving,First Choice provided Jesus and Gustavo. They were very professional and careful. Thanks Guys -- you were awesome!,"['first choice provided jesus and gustavo.', 'they were very professional and careful.', 'thanks guys -- you were awesome!']",3,229
750,Land Rover Las Vegas,"Terrible customer service.  Was looking to buy an Evoque.  The salesman was totally arrogant  and the Sales Manager wouldn't budge on the quoted price even though I could get the same car in Scottsdale Az for 2K less.  I just wanted an extra 500 off - nothing crazy.  I was basically told that they know they are the only game in town - only Land Rover dealer for hundreds of miles and I was just going to have to take it or leave it.  After getting totally pissed and deciding that I'll just buy the car and get screwed on a bad deal they tell me that it is getting late (Saturday 4PM) and that even if I buy the car - right now - they can't delivery it to me today because they don't have enough time.  I'll have to wait till next week to get the car I am standing right in front of.  What!!!  What kind of low budget garbage is that?  

I've never tried so hard to give someone 54K.  I'm done with these guys.  Taking my business and money somewhere else. What a joke.","['terrible customer service.', 'was looking to buy an evoque.', ""the salesman was totally arrogant  and the sales manager wouldn't budge on the quoted price even though i could get the same car in scottsdale az for 2k less."", 'i just wanted an extra 500 off - nothing crazy.', 'i was basically told that they know they are the only game in town - only land rover dealer for hundreds of miles and i was just going to have to take it or leave it.', 'what kind of low budget garbage is that?', ""i've never tried so hard to give someone 54k."", ""i'm done with these guys."", 'taking my business and money somewhere else.', 'what a joke.']",13,134
751,Thang Long,"Food was good.  Prices were less than Jen's across the street and the meat portions were bigger.  We got 2 salad rolls and 2 orders of B6, beef, pork, chicken, and spingroll, with veggies.  Paid $35 after tip and left full!

Will be coming back!","['food was good.', ""prices were less than jen's across the street and the meat portions were bigger."", 'we got 2 salad rolls and 2 orders of b6, beef, pork, chicken, and spingroll, with veggies.', 'paid $35 after tip and left full!', 'will be coming back!']",5,12
752,Boston Pizza,"Food came too quick, meatballs were still cold inside, jambalaya wasnt quite hot.  They forgot to ring in the appetizer  Service was ok, nothing more.  It was pasta tuesday, moderatly busy.  I like the deal on tuesday so we keep coming here hoping for improvement, so far it hasnt happened.","['food came too quick, meatballs were still cold inside, jambalaya wasnt quite hot.', 'they forgot to ring in the appetizer  service was ok, nothing more.', 'it was pasta tuesday, moderatly busy.', 'i like the deal on tuesday so we keep coming here hoping for improvement, so far it hasnt happened.']",4,20
753,Kaleidoscope Painting,"Perfect job! We hired kaleidoscope to paint our entire house - baseboards, trim, doors, walls, ceilings. It looks awesome and perfect! And they finished early. We will definitely hire them again.","['perfect job!', 'we hired kaleidoscope to paint our entire house - baseboards, trim, doors, walls, ceilings.', 'it looks awesome and perfect!', 'and they finished early.', 'we will definitely hire them again.']",5,10
754,Kaibab Animal Hospital,The vet took the time to explain what was possibly going on with my dog. Staff was friendly. Pricing was good. I will be going back for my vet needs in the future.,"['the vet took the time to explain what was possibly going on with my dog.', 'staff was friendly.', 'pricing was good.', 'i will be going back for my vet needs in the future.']",4,60
755,Sweetspot Nitrogen Ice Cream & Boba Tea,First time here and the ice cream was excellent and very cold due to that it's made by liquid nitrogen. I would give it 5 stars only if they had more seating. #MakeItSweet,"[""first time here and the ice cream was excellent and very cold due to that it's made by liquid nitrogen."", 'i would give it 5 stars only if they had more seating.', '#makeitsweet']",3,219
756,Chewy Boba Company,First time here. Trying out a new Boba place and it's great! My first drink is Vietnamese coffee Boba milk tea...super good!,"['first time here.', ""trying out a new boba place and it's great!"", 'my first drink is vietnamese coffee boba milk tea...super good!']",3,201
757,"Steven D Folkerth, MD","I went to see Dr. Steven Folkerth for a routine physical. The receptionist was unfriendly. The doctor gave me a prescription for blood tests and Vit D test.

I went to do the tests the same day. After waiting for about 2 weeks and I did not hear from Dr. Steven Folkerth about the result of my tests. I called his office and the receptionist said she has the result in. I went in to pick up a copy of the tests and the receptionist was still unfriendly. I saw that my triglycerides was above normal range and that the Vit D test was missing from the report. I asked the receptionist to locate my Vit D report and she said she is going to give me a call next day. I waited and she never call. I called her and she said she is going to get back to me. It has been 10 days since I talked to her and she never called me back. I am missing a vital part of the test because my Vit D level was low from a previous test. I understand Vit D is very important for my daily health. I got a run around. The doctor or the receptionist never contact me about my high triglycerides and missing test.

I am very disappointed from the people in this office.","['i went to see dr. steven folkerth for a routine physical.', 'the receptionist was unfriendly.', 'the doctor gave me a prescription for blood tests and vit d test.', 'i got a run around.', 'the doctor or the receptionist never contact me about my high triglycerides and missing test.', 'i am very disappointed from the people in this office.']",17,3
758,Temari Fine Japanese Cuisine,"This by far THE best sushi in the valley. No joke, everything is to die for! The sushi chefs are amazing. I like to sit at the bar here even though I usually opt for a table elsewhere. Their menu of specialty rolls is a bit intimidating I admit but, just let them know what you like and they'll make excellent recommendations. I must say, the sauces are beyond anything I've ever tasted. If it were socially acceptable, I would pick up the plate and lick it clean. I'm not exaggerating, they're heavenly perfection and unlike no other.
Please be aware there are no prices on the menu. Apparently it changes based on market fish prices and it can be a bit pricey. If I lived closer I'd be there all the time, seriously. No matter where you live, it's absolutely worth it!","['this by far the best sushi in the valley.', 'no joke, everything is to die for!', 'the sushi chefs are amazing.', 'i like to sit at the bar here even though i usually opt for a table elsewhere.', ""their menu of specialty rolls is a bit intimidating i admit but, just let them know what you like and they'll make excellent recommendations."", ""i'm not exaggerating, they're heavenly perfection and unlike no other."", 'please be aware there are no prices on the menu.', 'apparently it changes based on market fish prices and it can be a bit pricey.', ""if i lived closer i'd be there all the time, seriously."", ""no matter where you live, it's absolutely worth it!""]",12,267
759,Bei,"Amazing! They have lunch specials everyday, not just M-F. The Sunshine Roll is pure heaven, in fact, I can't stop thinking about it. The sushi is super fresh and beautifully presented. Cute place, great sushi, awesome service, I'm totally hooked!","['amazing!', ""they have lunch specials everyday, not just m-f. the sunshine roll is pure heaven, in fact, i can't stop thinking about it."", 'the sushi is super fresh and beautifully presented.', ""cute place, great sushi, awesome service, i'm totally hooked!""]",4,607
760,Habanero's,"This place is awesome! I love Mexican food and I'm so glad I found this place. The blackened chicken quesadilla is sooo good, they give you tons of sour cream and delicious guacamole to enjoy it with. The chips/salsa/guacamole side is a must order. They're portions are fantastic, their food is consistently delicious, and they have my favorite frothy pina colada drink. I really couldn't ask for more, I love you Habaneros ;)","['this place is awesome!', ""i love mexican food and i'm so glad i found this place."", 'the blackened chicken quesadilla is sooo good, they give you tons of sour cream and delicious guacamole to enjoy it with.', 'the chips/salsa/guacamole side is a must order.', ""they're portions are fantastic, their food is consistently delicious, and they have my favorite frothy pina colada drink."", ""i really couldn't ask for more, i love you habaneros ;)""]",6,207
761,Noodles Ranch,"I love this place! Pho is one of my favorite dishes and I tried many other Vietnamese resturants before finding this gem. Now, I don't go anywhere else because Noodles Ranch is the best. Excellent food, fresh quality ingredients, great service. I feel great after eating here, not at all sluggish. The spring rolls are amazing, we usually get a few orders. The jasmine iced tea is fantastic. The owners are sweet and passionate about their business, they even have a cookbook out and available for purchase there.","['i love this place!', 'pho is one of my favorite dishes and i tried many other vietnamese resturants before finding this gem.', ""now, i don't go anywhere else because noodles ranch is the best."", 'excellent food, fresh quality ingredients, great service.', 'i feel great after eating here, not at all sluggish.', 'the spring rolls are amazing, we usually get a few orders.', 'the jasmine iced tea is fantastic.', 'the owners are sweet and passionate about their business, they even have a cookbook out and available for purchase there.']",8,435
762,Ulta Beauty,"Pat is truly an artist! I love what she does to my hair, not to mention the way I feel after she works her magic. Her cuts are perfection, her highlights stunningly gorgeous. Whatever it is you want she can give it to you. Pat is experienced, talented, and knows how to make you look good. I even referred a guy friend to her who was frustrated after receiving mediocre cuts all around town. Needless to say, his hair looks great and with minimal effort which he loves. Also, this is my favorite Ulta, everyone is friendly and helpful.","['pat is truly an artist!', 'i love what she does to my hair, not to mention the way i feel after she works her magic.', 'her cuts are perfection, her highlights stunningly gorgeous.', 'whatever it is you want she can give it to you.', 'pat is experienced, talented, and knows how to make you look good.', 'i even referred a guy friend to her who was frustrated after receiving mediocre cuts all around town.', 'needless to say, his hair looks great and with minimal effort which he loves.', 'also, this is my favorite ulta, everyone is friendly and helpful.']",8,40
763,5 & Diner,"I love 5 & Diner! The cherry cokes, the mac 'n' cheese, Mrs. Cleaver's pot roast (no longer on the menu but you can still order it), the diner grilled chicken sandwich, and the most delicious root beer floats & shakes! Being a classic movie fan, of course I love the atmosphere and photos of movie stars that adorn the walls. Plus, some nights they have live rockabilly music and people bring their cool, classic cars. How awesome is that? There's no where else like this in Scottsdale. Oh yes and the service is excellent too!","['i love 5 & diner!', ""the cherry cokes, the mac 'n' cheese, mrs. cleaver's pot roast (no longer on the menu but you can still order it), the diner grilled chicken sandwich, and the most delicious root beer floats & shakes!"", 'being a classic movie fan, of course i love the atmosphere and photos of movie stars that adorn the walls.', 'plus, some nights they have live rockabilly music and people bring their cool, classic cars.', 'how awesome is that?', ""there's no where else like this in scottsdale."", 'oh yes and the service is excellent too!']",7,125
764,Zipps Sports Grill,"Worst food and service ever. My boyfriend took one bite of their so called steak sandwich and said dog food. My boyfriend is nicer than I am. Seriously, I doubt my cat would've eaten it. What really got me however was the fact that when we politely informed the staff we were questioned 3 times about why it wasn't good. Now, I could have been straight up honest and flat out rude about it but it not our style. The man who questioned us could have been a manager but since he never identified himself he could have been anyone. I suggest the zipps staff eat it themselves and find out exactly why it's worthy of sending back. Don't bother when in the same complex there are truly excellent places to spend your money.","['worst food and service ever.', 'my boyfriend took one bite of their so called steak sandwich and said dog food.', 'my boyfriend is nicer than i am.', ""seriously, i doubt my cat would've eaten it."", ""what really got me however was the fact that when we politely informed the staff we were questioned 3 times about why it wasn't good."", 'now, i could have been straight up honest and flat out rude about it but it not our style.', 'the man who questioned us could have been a manager but since he never identified himself he could have been anyone.', ""i suggest the zipps staff eat it themselves and find out exactly why it's worthy of sending back."", ""don't bother when in the same complex there are truly excellent places to spend your money.""]",9,183
765,J Chen,"I love this place, great service and amazingly delicious Chinese food. The sweet n sour chicken is my favorite. I've never had it better and I've eaten at a lot of Chinese restaurants. I also love the vegetable fried rice, lemon chicken, and wonton soup. I've seen reviews that are unfavorable and to each his own but, really? I don't know what the hell they're talking about. This place rocks and does so consistently.","['i love this place, great service and amazingly delicious chinese food.', 'the sweet n sour chicken is my favorite.', ""i've never had it better and i've eaten at a lot of chinese restaurants."", 'i also love the vegetable fried rice, lemon chicken, and wonton soup.', ""i've seen reviews that are unfavorable and to each his own but, really?"", ""i don't know what the hell they're talking about."", 'this place rocks and does so consistently.']",7,92
766,Brake Masters,"Ethical and mechanic don't always go together, as anyone who's been scammed can attest. So, needless to say I am so happy I found Al at brakemasters! Trustworthy, honest, and friendly. I will not take my car anywhere else. I highly recommend Al to all my friends and fellow yelpers who are in need of car repairs or routine maintenance. If this location isn't near you, trust me, it's worth the drive.","[""ethical and mechanic don't always go together, as anyone who's been scammed can attest."", 'so, needless to say i am so happy i found al at brakemasters!', 'trustworthy, honest, and friendly.', 'i will not take my car anywhere else.', 'i highly recommend al to all my friends and fellow yelpers who are in need of car repairs or routine maintenance.', ""if this location isn't near you, trust me, it's worth the drive.""]",6,64
767,Casella's Italian Delicatessen,"This place is awesome! A friend recommended it years ago and I'm so glad she did. The chicken salad sandwich is heavenly, a must try. Everything is fresh and delicious. This place is family owned and operated. They are super friendly people who remember you and make you feel welcome. Oh and did I mention to try the chicken salad? There's nothing like it anywhere, I love it and I'm sure you will too. Do make sure to bring cash as they dont accept anything else.","['this place is awesome!', ""a friend recommended it years ago and i'm so glad she did."", 'the chicken salad sandwich is heavenly, a must try.', 'everything is fresh and delicious.', 'this place is family owned and operated.', 'they are super friendly people who remember you and make you feel welcome.', 'oh and did i mention to try the chicken salad?', ""there's nothing like it anywhere, i love it and i'm sure you will too."", 'do make sure to bring cash as they dont accept anything else.']",9,250
768,Sushi Kee,"Oh Sushi Kee, how I love thee! I've been coming here for years ever since a friend recommended it. Im glad she did because they have awesome rolls. My favorites are the Arizona, Hurricane, Tiger, Kee, Salmon Avacodo, and the California rolls are the best! The portions are huge, the service and Chefs are awesome. I wish I lived closer so I could come here more often.","['oh sushi kee, how i love thee!', ""i've been coming here for years ever since a friend recommended it."", 'im glad she did because they have awesome rolls.', 'my favorites are the arizona, hurricane, tiger, kee, salmon avacodo, and the california rolls are the best!', 'the portions are huge, the service and chefs are awesome.', 'i wish i lived closer so i could come here more often.']",6,131
769,Petco,"This is my go to Petco. It's close, convenient, and the staff are super friendly and helpful. I love being a pals rewards member since I get a $5 off coupon for every $100 I spend in store or online. They carry the brands I prefer, like Blue Buffalo and Dr. Elsey's (best kitty food and litter ever btw) and have sales often. Also, the fish are well cared for and healthy. I love that they do pet adoptions and give you an option to donate to animals in need. Kudos to Petco, I hope I always live close to this location.","['this is my go to petco.', ""it's close, convenient, and the staff are super friendly and helpful."", 'i love being a pals rewards member since i get a $5 off coupon for every $100 i spend in store or online.', ""they carry the brands i prefer, like blue buffalo and dr. elsey's (best kitty food and litter ever btw) and have sales often."", 'also, the fish are well cared for and healthy.', 'i love that they do pet adoptions and give you an option to donate to animals in need.', 'kudos to petco, i hope i always live close to this location.']",7,24
770,Mucha Lucha Taco Shop,"Love this place! Authentic, fresh and delicioso! I totally pig out whenever I go here. The carne asada street tacos are amazing, excellent nachos, yummy salsas. Friendly atmosphere and great prices, what's not to love? If you're looking for real Mexican food, go here, you won't be disappointed. A big thank you to my fellow Yelpers, another great find via your awesome reviews :)","['love this place!', 'authentic, fresh and delicioso!', 'i totally pig out whenever i go here.', 'the carne asada street tacos are amazing, excellent nachos, yummy salsas.', ""friendly atmosphere and great prices, what's not to love?"", ""if you're looking for real mexican food, go here, you won't be disappointed."", 'a big thank you to my fellow yelpers, another great find via your awesome reviews :)']",7,244
771,Vintage 95,"Had a very enjoyable time at Vintage95 last Saturday night. The wait staff was top notch and very accommodating. Very comfortable atmosphere and furnishings. The young woman paying guitar was excellent ... wonderful renditions of a Roberta Flack and Cranberries tunes, among others. Looking forward to going back and sampling the single malts they have.
5 Stars for my date too!","['had a very enjoyable time at vintage95 last saturday night.', 'the wait staff was top notch and very accommodating.', 'very comfortable atmosphere and furnishings.', 'the young woman paying guitar was excellent ... wonderful renditions of a roberta flack and cranberries tunes, among others.', 'looking forward to going back and sampling the single malts they have.', '5 stars for my date too!']",6,317
772,J&M Chinese Cuisine,"The #22 Dinner Combo (String Bean in Black Bean Sauce w/ Shrimp) was the best black bean sauce I've had since leaving NY. Now, if they only had Cold Noodles with Sesame Sauce  ;-), Looking forward to going back and trying their Singapore Style Mei Fun and other specialities.","[""the #22 dinner combo (string bean in black bean sauce w/ shrimp) was the best black bean sauce i've had since leaving ny."", 'now, if they only had cold noodles with sesame sauce  ;-), looking forward to going back and trying their singapore style mei fun and other specialities.']",2,26
773,Gorilla Sushi,Great food and service! Came here for a special occasion. Large variety of food on the menu! Will come again :),"['great food and service!', 'came here for a special occasion.', 'large variety of food on the menu!', 'will come again :)']",4,347
774,The Climbing Wall,"I'm mostly reiterating what other have said but with a few additions.

General
- Bad ventilation. With Pittsburgh humidity, it gets hot.
- Wooden walls, so there's not a lot of grip for smearing
= Price for a day pass is reasonable, but fees for little things like a belay device and chalk add up instead of holding an id for collateral.

Bouldering area
+ Decent number of routes and variety
- Stiff trampoline floor. Movable pads are big and effective but they aren't everywhere

Top rope area
-The top rope area is a different section of the building and even has different hours from the bouldering area, which is weird.
- Ratings are labeled as Easy, Moderate, and Hard with +/-. Why not put real YDS ratings?
- For whatever reason, the ropes are just draped over a pole without any loops, so you don't get much friction while lowering.  Therefore, they require the belayer to anchor into the floor for each top rope. Not a big deal, I just haven't seen that requirement in a gym before.
- Nonsensical rules. I got in trouble for helping my partner go over the safety checks. I passed the belay test, but I was explicitly told not to teach my partner how to perform the safety checks as a climber so I could belay him.  I was told this was for insurance purposes as they don't want anyone but the employees teaching. I waited for the employee to look away so I could safely set up a top rope.  Discouraging learning seems like a bad idea to me.

Maybe I'm just spoiled by the great climbing gyms in San Francisco where I live but there are enough easily remedied flaws that led me to such a low rating.","[""i'm mostly reiterating what other have said but with a few additions."", 'general - bad ventilation.', 'with pittsburgh humidity, it gets hot.', 'i waited for the employee to look away so i could safely set up a top rope.', 'discouraging learning seems like a bad idea to me.', ""maybe i'm just spoiled by the great climbing gyms in san francisco where i live but there are enough easily remedied flaws that led me to such a low rating.""]",18,44
775,The Colosseum At Caesars Palace,"We weren't planning on visiting here but saw a billboard (they work!) saying Jerry Seinfeld was on that night and we just couldn't miss out that opportunity!

So we ended up with seats towards the back but the view was still great along with the acoustics. Would make for a great venue to see some live acts in as well.","[""we weren't planning on visiting here but saw a billboard (they work!)"", ""saying jerry seinfeld was on that night and we just couldn't miss out that opportunity!"", 'so we ended up with seats towards the back but the view was still great along with the acoustics.', 'would make for a great venue to see some live acts in as well.']",4,151
776,Bellagio Hotel,"To be honest at first I didn't want to stay here as it seemed like it might be a bit 'tacky' but after being recommended by a few good friends we decided to book in as part of our US trip for 3 nights.

How wrong I was! Upon entering the driveway it was just 'wow' all of the way. The reception was massive and they had plenty of staff ready to book you in. The only one downside was that we had to go into a smoking room which did have some smell left to it but was gone in a matter of hours and reception did tell us we could change later that afternoon if it was still bad.

The room was very spacious and the bathroom was huge. The resort is massive and trust me it will take you some time to explore. The gym had a great setup and has plenty of equipment- no waiting like at the gym back home!

We gave the buffet a go and just like everyone said it's a must visit. They make just about anything there and have heaps of options to choose from.

All up well worth the stay and couldn't believe the price compared to other hotels in the USA.

ps. the blinds in the room operate by a switch - we spent a while trying to force them open haha!","[""to be honest at first i didn't want to stay here as it seemed like it might be a bit 'tacky' but after being recommended by a few good friends we decided to book in as part of our us trip for 3 nights."", 'how wrong i was!', ""upon entering the driveway it was just 'wow' all of the way."", 'the reception was massive and they had plenty of staff ready to book you in.', 'the only one downside was that we had to go into a smoking room which did have some smell left to it but was gone in a matter of hours and reception did tell us we could change later that afternoon if it was still bad.', ""we gave the buffet a go and just like everyone said it's a must visit."", 'they make just about anything there and have heaps of options to choose from.', ""all up well worth the stay and couldn't believe the price compared to other hotels in the usa."", 'ps.', 'the blinds in the room operate by a switch - we spent a while trying to force them open haha!']",13,3030
777,The Buffet at Bellagio,"I read a lot of reviews about this buffet so on our last day I made sure to drop in as we were staying at the Bellagio.

Oh. My. God. This place was awesome! Not only did it have the widest choice of options I have ever seen at a buffet, the quality and presentation was like a top restaurant!

Highly recommend going here if you're after a good feed. Plenty of healthy choices as well but I must admit I gave in to quite a few of those tasty pastries... :)","['i read a lot of reviews about this buffet so on our last day i made sure to drop in as we were staying at the bellagio.', 'oh.', 'my.', 'god.', 'this place was awesome!', 'not only did it have the widest choice of options i have ever seen at a buffet, the quality and presentation was like a top restaurant!', ""highly recommend going here if you're after a good feed."", 'plenty of healthy choices as well but i must admit i gave in to quite a few of those tasty pastries... :)']",8,4091
778,View Bar,"Nice casual bar located in the Aria hotel. To be honest I went here thinking it actually had a view across the city! Still a good find and it's a nice open bar with plenty of seating and some great drinks.

Just a word of warning the free snack include wasabi peas... didn't realise what they were at first but they made us go through our drinks pretty quick when we did!","['nice casual bar located in the aria hotel.', 'to be honest i went here thinking it actually had a view across the city!', ""still a good find and it's a nice open bar with plenty of seating and some great drinks."", ""just a word of warning the free snack include wasabi peas... didn't realise what they were at first but they made us go through our drinks pretty quick when we did!""]",4,43
779,Cafe Gelato,"Great spot for a quick treat if you're staying at the Bellagio. We had some of the pastries which tasted fresh and like something straight from a bakery.

The only downside was that the cafe was positioned on our walk back from the pool to the lifts.. ;)","[""great spot for a quick treat if you're staying at the bellagio."", 'we had some of the pastries which tasted fresh and like something straight from a bakery.', 'the only downside was that the cafe was positioned on our walk back from the pool to the lifts.. ;)']",3,205
780,Spago by Wolfgang Puck,"Outside seating that's truly different!

As we were only in Vegas for a few nights we wanted to make sure we got to experience as much as possible - including the dining. After doing the usual hunt on Yelp we decided to try out Spago and it was a great suggestion.

When we arrived the waiter asked if we wanted sit inside or out and we opted to go outside - best choice! To be honest I thought the blue ceiling was tacky at first but after a while it really started to trick you that you were outside!

The food was awesome (as expected) but the service from the waiters was top notch as well. Highly recommend.","[""outside seating that's truly different!"", 'as we were only in vegas for a few nights we wanted to make sure we got to experience as much as possible - including the dining.', 'after doing the usual hunt on yelp we decided to try out spago and it was a great suggestion.', 'when we arrived the waiter asked if we wanted sit inside or out and we opted to go outside - best choice!', 'to be honest i thought the blue ceiling was tacky at first but after a while it really started to trick you that you were outside!', 'the food was awesome (as expected) but the service from the waiters was top notch as well.', 'highly recommend.']",7,1057
781,Bouchon at the Venezia Tower,"Our last night in Vegas and we wanted to make sure to finish off with a great meal and Bouchon delivered!

Not only were the meals great but the dessert we had was sooo good as well. Highly recommend this place for anyone looking for something a bit different and a great atmosphere.","['our last night in vegas and we wanted to make sure to finish off with a great meal and bouchon delivered!', 'not only were the meals great but the dessert we had was sooo good as well.', 'highly recommend this place for anyone looking for something a bit different and a great atmosphere.']",3,3743
782,Cirque du Soleil - Mystre,"Never being to a Cirque du Soleil before I didn't know fully what to expect but judging by what everyone else had told me, it would be an amazing show.

Happy to say it was superb and I'll be certain to see another if I get the chance! It was amazing to see the skills of the performers and it was a great mix of acrobatics, theatre and comedy.

Looking forward to the next one!","[""never being to a cirque du soleil before i didn't know fully what to expect but judging by what everyone else had told me, it would be an amazing show."", ""happy to say it was superb and i'll be certain to see another if i get the chance!"", 'it was amazing to see the skills of the performers and it was a great mix of acrobatics, theatre and comedy.', 'looking forward to the next one!']",4,1042
783,Allegro,"We always love our Italian food so I couldn't resist checking out this place when we were inside Wynn checking out the casino.

It was a great find and the decor inside was executed perfectly! The staff we really quick to serve us and the meals came out really quick. We had asked for a white sauce instead of the tomato for one of our meals which they got wrong but were very apologetic and came out just as quick with another one for us.

All up a great meal and find in such a great casino.","[""we always love our italian food so i couldn't resist checking out this place when we were inside wynn checking out the casino."", 'it was a great find and the decor inside was executed perfectly!', 'the staff we really quick to serve us and the meals came out really quick.', 'we had asked for a white sauce instead of the tomato for one of our meals which they got wrong but were very apologetic and came out just as quick with another one for us.', 'all up a great meal and find in such a great casino.']",5,426
784,MIX,"Worth it just for the view.

We only went up to visit the lounge. One big downside was the cover charge ($20 each!) that we weren't expecting but we just treated it as an entry fee as if going to a viewing deck ;)

The drinks were nice and the bar was starting to get a bit busier as we got there. But the main thing we went for (the view) was well worth it - especially at night looking right across the light beam coming from the pyramid below.","['worth it just for the view.', 'we only went up to visit the lounge.', 'one big downside was the cover charge ($20 each!)', ""that we weren't expecting but we just treated it as an entry fee as if going to a viewing deck ;)  the drinks were nice and the bar was starting to get a bit busier as we got there."", 'but the main thing we went for (the view) was well worth it - especially at night looking right across the light beam coming from the pyramid below.']",5,944
785,Pink Jeep Tours,"We had been recommended Pink Jeep from some friends of ours and we're really thankful they did!

The trip was well organised with them picking us up from the hotel and then heading out to the Canyon. Our driver gave us some great commentary on the way out and had the perfect balance of not talking the whole time but still being really informative.

We stopped at a few spots on the way out including Hoover Dam and a small store for a rest stop which made the trip out there feel even more authentic going into an actual country store.

We didn't realise when we got there that we would all be going onto buses afterwards but the guide was really good at making sure we all had the freedom of looking around each lookout and then still grouping back together at the end.

Thanks for making it an easy and great trip!","[""we had been recommended pink jeep from some friends of ours and we're really thankful they did!"", 'the trip was well organised with them picking us up from the hotel and then heading out to the canyon.', 'our driver gave us some great commentary on the way out and had the perfect balance of not talking the whole time but still being really informative.', 'we stopped at a few spots on the way out including hoover dam and a small store for a rest stop which made the trip out there feel even more authentic going into an actual country store.', ""we didn't realise when we got there that we would all be going onto buses afterwards but the guide was really good at making sure we all had the freedom of looking around each lookout and then still grouping back together at the end."", 'thanks for making it an easy and great trip!']",6,136
786,Neon Museum,"This place is a must visit for anyone to Las Vegas!

I'm so thankful I came across it on here as it was never suggested to us by anyone else or even at the hotel we were staying. You start off the tour at their meeting spot where they give you plenty of water and warnings about just how hot it can get in there so be careful!

We got to meet our tour guide as well who gave us a quick background on the non-profit organisation behind the museum - it's great to see such a dedicated group of people preserving what some people would just treat as junk.

It's an amazing collection of old signage and as part of the tour around the 'boneyard' the guide gave us some great (and humorous) history about Las Vegas.
 This really made the tour as there was so much we learnt at the same time and it was astonishing to learn just how much the city has changed.

If you like your photography this place is an absolute must visit. There's so many good opportunities as the place is full of so much colour and typography.

Stop reading my review and book in now! :)","['this place is a must visit for anyone to las vegas!', ""i'm so thankful i came across it on here as it was never suggested to us by anyone else or even at the hotel we were staying."", 'you start off the tour at their meeting spot where they give you plenty of water and warnings about just how hot it can get in there so be careful!', ""we got to meet our tour guide as well who gave us a quick background on the non-profit organisation behind the museum - it's great to see such a dedicated group of people preserving what some people would just treat as junk."", ""it's an amazing collection of old signage and as part of the tour around the 'boneyard' the guide gave us some great (and humorous) history about las vegas."", 'this really made the tour as there was so much we learnt at the same time and it was astonishing to learn just how much the city has changed.', 'if you like your photography this place is an absolute must visit.', ""there's so many good opportunities as the place is full of so much colour and typography."", 'stop reading my review and book in now!', ':)']",10,912
787,JJ's Boulangerie,"Roast beef was amazing that sandwich alone will bring me back again before I leave Vegas.  I didn't care for the pizza I've had better.  But that sandwich was easily one of the best I've had.  I ordered a pizza, chips and drink and the roast beef sandwich for about $20.

The veggie sandwich is around $8 is also great. And the BLT is good as well.","['roast beef was amazing that sandwich alone will bring me back again before i leave vegas.', ""i didn't care for the pizza i've had better."", ""but that sandwich was easily one of the best i've had."", 'i ordered a pizza, chips and drink and the roast beef sandwich for about $20.', 'the veggie sandwich is around $8 is also great.', 'and the blt is good as well.']",6,194
788,Secret Pizza,"came here on Monday, no line. its good, but not to go out of your way good.  price is reasonable, it is hard to find. but that was the fun of it trying to find it.  no name, no sign.  if your clubbing @ the Cosmo and your have the munchies this is your place.  they use fresh toppings, crust is thin and very tasty.","['came here on monday, no line.', 'its good, but not to go out of your way good.', 'price is reasonable, it is hard to find.', 'but that was the fun of it trying to find it.', 'no name, no sign.', 'if your clubbing @ the cosmo and your have the munchies this is your place.', 'they use fresh toppings, crust is thin and very tasty.']",7,4078
789,Marriage Can Be Murder,It's ok if it fits your budget. Plus when you get out your on freemont.  But if you are not a silly person or don't have enough drinks in you it will be hard to get into. Buy your tickets at tix4tonight on the strip it comes out to $104 for two. Don't get the pasta most didn't finish there's.  Chicken was o.k.   sodas are free and well drinks are $6.,"[""it's ok if it fits your budget."", 'plus when you get out your on freemont.', ""but if you are not a silly person or don't have enough drinks in you it will be hard to get into."", 'buy your tickets at tix4tonight on the strip it comes out to $104 for two.', ""don't get the pasta most didn't finish there's."", 'chicken was o.k.', 'sodas are free and well drinks are $6.']",7,107
790,Tuscany Suites & Casino,"for the PRICE the rooms are huge and very comfortable. the AC. was strong, for 110 degree heat, the beds were comfy and they have a hid abed. large bathrooms separate tub and shower. this place is a hotel first and casino second. All the rooms are in different buildings from the casino which makes it very family friendly.
        front desk was very friendly and helpful. Even though its not on the strip its a block and half away from the center of the strip. a short cab ride or a short walk and you can be at ceasers palace, bellagio, paris,and bally's for the shuttle to the Rio. wi-fi is free in the lobby and pool side. there is a fee to have it in your room. there is a resort fee if you book it through a third party like orbitz, travelocity, priceline,etc. you should check there price first and see if you can save some money. i was there from Thursday to Monday on labor day weekend. it was quite and peace full as appose to the chaos of the strip on a holiday weekend.","['for the price the rooms are huge and very comfortable.', 'the ac.', 'was strong, for 110 degree heat, the beds were comfy and they have a hid abed.', 'large bathrooms separate tub and shower.', 'this place is a hotel first and casino second.', 'there is a fee to have it in your room.', 'there is a resort fee if you book it through a third party like orbitz, travelocity, priceline,etc.', 'you should check there price first and see if you can save some money.', 'i was there from thursday to monday on labor day weekend.', 'it was quite and peace full as appose to the chaos of the strip on a holiday weekend.']",15,683
791,Hooters Casino Hotel Las Vegas,"Again great deal for the price and location plus free breakfast.  $50 on Saturday.  King room, flat t.v.,kureg coffee, good water pressure, did not hear the people next door and hope they didn't hear us. (Unlike planet Hollywood where you hear everything)","['again great deal for the price and location plus free breakfast.', '$50 on saturday.', ""king room, flat t.v.,kureg coffee, good water pressure, did not hear the people next door and hope they didn't hear us."", '(unlike planet hollywood where you hear everything)']",4,1432
792,Earl of Sandwich,"cant go wrong here, in the mood for sandwich this is it. its baked and toasty, healthy and filling. its not as good as jersey mikes but almost there.  price is very Worth it.","['cant go wrong here, in the mood for sandwich this is it.', 'its baked and toasty, healthy and filling.', 'its not as good as jersey mikes but almost there.', 'price is very worth it.']",4,4981
793,Studio B Buffet,"OK OK this is the BEST buffet in Vegas period.  there is a lot of variety. the desserts are very good.  The lamb shoulder cooked to perfection.  but what does it is FREE all you can drink beer and wine.  I'm talkin about the regular buffet on Wednesday under $55 for two.  without a players club. we got to the line around 7 and were seated about 7:15. it wasn't to busy.
at the dessert bar you can order fresh coffee or a latte with Kahlua. If somebody hadn't told us we wouldn't have known. 
      everything was really good. The place is very clean.  Don't bother looking for the bathroom its not in the Buffet its outside to the right.","['ok ok this is the best buffet in vegas period.', 'there is a lot of variety.', 'the desserts are very good.', 'the lamb shoulder cooked to perfection.', 'but what does it is free all you can drink beer and wine.', 'at the dessert bar you can order fresh coffee or a latte with kahlua.', ""if somebody hadn't told us we wouldn't have known."", 'everything was really good.', 'the place is very clean.', ""don't bother looking for the bathroom its not in the buffet its outside to the right.""]",13,2155
794,The Peppermill Restaurant & Fireside Lounge,"this is for the fireside lounge.
great place to finish the night off or start it.  the appetizers were large portions and the well drinks were also great.  it has a old las Vegas feel to it","['this is for the fireside lounge.', 'great place to finish the night off or start it.', 'the appetizers were large portions and the well drinks were also great.', 'it has a old las vegas feel to it']",4,3048
795,Mystery Adventures,"mystery adventure is must do Sunday Thru Thursday. its great but its 3hrs+ long. i like the fact that it had something for everybody. you don't have to be a mystery junkie to enjoy the adventure. and for the price you really cant beat it. nothing in Vegas will keep you entertain for so long for so little, plus there's snacks to munch on while you try to look for clues. The one thing that is definitely fun is to determine what clues you need to solve the mystery and what clues you don't.   you'll get to meet people and work as a team to solve the mystery.  if your on a tight budget this is a must.","['mystery adventure is must do sunday thru thursday.', 'its great but its 3hrs+ long.', 'i like the fact that it had something for everybody.', ""you don't have to be a mystery junkie to enjoy the adventure."", 'and for the price you really cant beat it.', ""nothing in vegas will keep you entertain for so long for so little, plus there's snacks to munch on while you try to look for clues."", ""the one thing that is definitely fun is to determine what clues you need to solve the mystery and what clues you don't."", ""you'll get to meet people and work as a team to solve the mystery."", 'if your on a tight budget this is a must.']",9,43
796,Napoleon's Piano Bar,"besides going up the Eiffel tower and the crepes its the only reason i even step inside the Paris casino.  I've been here several times already and it hasn't gotten old.  no cover, two drink minimum and  pricey to, if you haven't you must.  two guys on a piano going at it.  they play everything from oldies to today's music.","['besides going up the eiffel tower and the crepes its the only reason i even step inside the paris casino.', ""i've been here several times already and it hasn't gotten old."", ""no cover, two drink minimum and  pricey to, if you haven't you must."", 'two guys on a piano going at it.', ""they play everything from oldies to today's music.""]",5,160
797,Treasure Island,"i was there from June 24 to 27th. the room big enough for four adults. we checked in early and we got a room on the 25th floor facing the strip. that was the best part. the view was unbelievable. the AC. was strong. the room was very modern and clean. the beds were very comfortable. the casino i didn't care to much about nothing special to see or write about. there is a free show outside the hotel. if you haven't seen it. its worth check out. the area is pretty good, there is tram to the mirage and next to that is ceasers palace and on the other side is a big mall. accross the street is the Venetian, Harras casino (and a shuttle to Rio that were the best buffet in vagas)and the carnival bar. pool parties are not the worst but not the best either. the DJ was pretty good ,the down side very little shade. 

there is a mandatory $22 a day resort fee that includes wi-fi in every room and newspaper in the lobby. they don't tell you about the fee until you check in.","['i was there from june 24 to 27th.', 'the room big enough for four adults.', 'we checked in early and we got a room on the 25th floor facing the strip.', 'the dj was pretty good ,the down side very little shade.', 'there is a mandatory $22 a day resort fee that includes wi-fi in every room and newspaper in the lobby.', ""they don't tell you about the fee until you check in.""]",19,2388
798,Planet Hollywood Las Vegas Resort & Casino,"great tip i found by accident. book your room through www.easyclicktravel.com and you wont pay a resort fee of $20 per night.  I'm not sure if it works for other hotels as well.  the hotel is great location, great bathtub, comfy bed, good or great view of the strip depending on your room.  only downside is walls are thin. you can hear the next room so gotta keep the TV. turned up.","['great tip i found by accident.', 'book your room through www.easyclicktravel.com and you wont pay a resort fee of $20 per night.', ""i'm not sure if it works for other hotels as well."", 'the hotel is great location, great bathtub, comfy bed, good or great view of the strip depending on your room.', 'only downside is walls are thin.', 'you can hear the next room so gotta keep the tv.', 'turned up.']",7,2818
799,Green Valley Ranch Resort & Spa,"it doesn't get better than green valley ranch sports-book.  1 dollar beer, 1 dollar hot dogs, turf grill only top of the line food and priced very good, plus free well drinks when you gamble (must get coupon when you place wager).  get there early and you get your own TV. booth., the waitresses are very thorough, they walk down every isle and ask everybody if the want a drink. unlike ceasers.  the whole right side is for football and the left is for horse racing,  but you can pretty much sit anywhere.","[""it doesn't get better than green valley ranch sports-book."", '1 dollar beer, 1 dollar hot dogs, turf grill only top of the line food and priced very good, plus free well drinks when you gamble (must get coupon when you place wager).', 'get there early and you get your own tv.', 'booth., the waitresses are very thorough, they walk down every isle and ask everybody if the want a drink.', 'unlike ceasers.', 'the whole right side is for football and the left is for horse racing,  but you can pretty much sit anywhere.']",6,833
800,Rio All Suites Hotel & Casino,"pros-  our window was from floor to cielling and wall to wall with a view of the strip
huge rooms 
huge bed
fridge in closet 
safe
lots of mirriors
shuttle to the strip
only SEAFOOD buffet in Vegas that i know of
the A/C is strong

cons- resort fee unless you book with easyclicktravel.com then you dont pay resort fee.
carnival buffet could be better
pool needs more shade","['pros-  our window was from floor to cielling and wall to wall with a view of the strip huge rooms  huge bed fridge in closet  safe lots of mirriors shuttle to the strip only seafood buffet in vegas that i know of the a/c is strong  cons- resort fee unless you book with easyclicktravel.com then you dont pay resort fee.', 'carnival buffet could be better pool needs more shade']",2,2321
801,Blondie's,"This place is a coffee shop by day, and a bar by night, which may help explain the stripper pole and the dance floor. 

Really nice atmosphere, lounge-like seating areas and free wifi. What's not to like?  Well. While I did appreciate not being charged for soy milk, and I liked that they charged extra for to go/paper cups (I think it was 50 cents) the soy latte I had was totally awful. 

Bitter, sour and composed of mostly foam. Maybe this was an off day, but it was honestly atrocious. I wouldn't mind visiting Blondie's in the evening sometime, but I think I'll just skip the coffee from now on.","['this place is a coffee shop by day, and a bar by night, which may help explain the stripper pole and the dance floor.', 'really nice atmosphere, lounge-like seating areas and free wifi.', ""what's not to like?"", 'well.', 'while i did appreciate not being charged for soy milk, and i liked that they charged extra for to go/paper cups (i think it was 50 cents) the soy latte i had was totally awful.', 'bitter, sour and composed of mostly foam.', 'maybe this was an off day, but it was honestly atrocious.', ""i wouldn't mind visiting blondie's in the evening sometime, but i think i'll just skip the coffee from now on.""]",8,10
802,Maizal,"Relaxing atmosphere, educational chalk based corn diagrams, and air conditioning... what more could you ask for? Well, add to all of that, that the food is delicious. Maizal is a recent addition to the Liberty Village area. They have vegan and gluten-free options in addition to non-vegan/veg ones.

The menu is short and simple. At the moment, the vegan options are: grilled quesadillas sin queso (ask for no cheese/dairy) with either poblano peppers or mushrooms, the sopes with black beans, tlacoyos (bean filled tortillas), and opales (cactus.) All very yummy sounding options. Their tortillas are entirely corn based (and gluten-free) and made fresh every morning. (they also happen to be delicious.)

Other things on the menu I should mention: the horchata. Traditionally milk-less, it's rice based at Maizal, with a cinnamon spice, and perfectly ice cold. 

Outdoor patio space is out front on Jefferson, and small but decent. Interior space is ample, but I imagine it's going to be an area lunch time takeout place pleaser, a tasty, healthy meal for under ten dollars. If you sit in like we did, you can read about the history and cultivation of corn on the very aesthetically pleasing chalkboards (and no joke, it really is interesting.) And let me say it again: Air Conditioning.

We each ordered 2 grilled quesadillas sin-queso (no cheese.) We sat sipping on horchata's while we waited and enjoyed the corn diagrams. They arrived, with pico de gallo on shredded lettuce, and a side of refried beans.  One poblano pepper and one mushroom. One bite and I've decided these tortillas are made of tasty magic. That one bite was all tortilla, and it was so rich in maizey-flavour and texturally superior to nearly all other tortillas I've had up until now (so I eat a lot of tacos...)

The fillings for both were great, both hearty and satisfying with rich savory flavours. Add some of the pico and a touch of lettuce and it is perfection. The folks at Maizal are doing exciting things with food, and I'm looking forward to seeing more, and eating much more from them.

p.s. prices are reasonable.","['relaxing atmosphere, educational chalk based corn diagrams, and air conditioning... what more could you ask for?', 'well, add to all of that, that the food is delicious.', 'maizal is a recent addition to the liberty village area.', ""the folks at maizal are doing exciting things with food, and i'm looking forward to seeing more, and eating much more from them."", 'p.s.', 'prices are reasonable.']",25,100
803,Bisogno Espresso Bar,"This is another place I'd never have stumbled upon had it not been for the Indie Coffee Passport. I'm never in the George Brown area. We dropped in on a Saturday morning and it was mostly empty.  Walking by, it looks like an old antique furniture store with a random assortment of unmatched pieces.

No, but really, I like random, and I like the atmosphere, it's weird but well lit. I'll call it... cozy. I liked the big wooden table by the window I didn't have any luck connecting to their wifi with my ipod but I saw other people on laptops tapping away. Minimal plug ins, but they exist.

It was a beautiful looking cup of coffee, but it may have also been the worst almond latte I've ever drank. I think it's great that they offer almond milk, but I'm not convinced they knew how to use it that day. Overall... my problem was that the coffee was very bitter. Way too bitter. 

Although it didn't effect me, this place is cash only. No Debit Cards Allowed!","[""this is another place i'd never have stumbled upon had it not been for the indie coffee passport."", ""i'm never in the george brown area."", 'we dropped in on a saturday morning and it was mostly empty.', 'walking by, it looks like an old antique furniture store with a random assortment of unmatched pieces.', ""no, but really, i like random, and i like the atmosphere, it's weird but well lit."", ""i think it's great that they offer almond milk, but i'm not convinced they knew how to use it that day."", 'overall... my problem was that the coffee was very bitter.', 'way too bitter.', ""although it didn't effect me, this place is cash only."", 'no debit cards allowed!']",14,42
804,Z-Teca,"I went to Z-Teca for the first time a few weeks ago after being really excited to try it out. Unfortunately, as with most over hyped oversold places, once I did try it, I was really disappointed.

Service was friendly but the flavour was lacking. It felt like I had gone to Chipotle, but so much worse. The rice and vegetables were boring, and rice was in copious amounts. Beans are optional/extra? What is up with that? It's a burrito!

I doused my burrito in hot sauce to give it some flavour, and vowed to find some where else to go next time I was hungry in Fairview Mall.","['i went to z-teca for the first time a few weeks ago after being really excited to try it out.', 'unfortunately, as with most over hyped oversold places, once i did try it, i was really disappointed.', 'service was friendly but the flavour was lacking.', 'it felt like i had gone to chipotle, but so much worse.', 'the rice and vegetables were boring, and rice was in copious amounts.', 'beans are optional/extra?', 'what is up with that?', ""it's a burrito!"", 'i doused my burrito in hot sauce to give it some flavour, and vowed to find some where else to go next time i was hungry in fairview mall.']",9,32
805,Tori's Bakeshop,"So it's the first day Tori's Bakeshop is open, so maybe it's premature to review them... but I can't help it. Yelp must know about a new vegan & gluten free friendly bakery.

It took me about 40 minutes on the Queen streetcar  to get here after work... but it was worth it. Since it was the end of the day, they had already run out of many of their sweet baked treats (even after apparently baking 3 day's worth of things) but I grabbed a vanilla cupcake with butter cream frosting, a delicious chocolate chip cookie, and a gluten free butter tart (and a non gluten free butter tart). They were all delicious. The cupcake was spongy and fluffy, the icing sweet, whipped, and not stiff at all. I was especially partial to the GF butter tart.

Friendly service, and great interior design. I loved the overhead lights - they're freaking lamps made from giant beaters, plus every table had fresh flowers on it. One word sums this place up -  adorable. (In two words - adorably delicious.) I love the random jars with stuff in it aesthetic. Lots of greens and neutral tones.

Also - wifi.Free functional wifi. There are outlets all over the place if you look for them (one main one that I know of is right at the front corner with the comfy seating. Yes.

Golly I wish this was closer to parkdale/trinity-bellwoods - though odds are, I'll be back really really soon.","[""so it's the first day tori's bakeshop is open, so maybe it's premature to review them... but i can't help it."", 'yelp must know about a new vegan & gluten free friendly bakery.', 'it took me about 40 minutes on the queen streetcar  to get here after work... but it was worth it.', 'there are outlets all over the place if you look for them (one main one that i know of is right at the front corner with the comfy seating.', 'yes.', ""golly i wish this was closer to parkdale/trinity-bellwoods - though odds are, i'll be back really really soon.""]",17,115
806,Chipotle Mexican Grill,"I'm not quite sure what the fuss is about about Chipotle. My burrito was flavourless and unexciting. When I bit into it I couldn't help but think... wow, I waited 15 minutes in line for THIS? 

I think it didn't help that one of the members of counter staff left right as I got to her station, so I stood there an extra 5 or 6 minutes waiting for someone further down the chain to realize... oh nothing is happening.

The one of the things I did like was the tortilla chips with the hint of lime and the fresh pico.

Maybe I had a bad experience, maybe I've just had really amazing Mexican food, maybe I should try them again, or maybe I should just try a different location.","[""i'm not quite sure what the fuss is about about chipotle."", 'my burrito was flavourless and unexciting.', ""when i bit into it i couldn't help but think... wow, i waited 15 minutes in line for this?"", ""i think it didn't help that one of the members of counter staff left right as i got to her station, so i stood there an extra 5 or 6 minutes waiting for someone further down the chain to realize... oh nothing is happening."", 'the one of the things i did like was the tortilla chips with the hint of lime and the fresh pico.', ""maybe i had a bad experience, maybe i've just had really amazing mexican food, maybe i should try them again, or maybe i should just try a different location.""]",6,210
807,Hot Beans,"I'm late to the Hot Beans praising party, but not late in trying out their delicious tacos and donuts. Taking a bite out of one of their fresh lime coconut donuts makes me want to write poetry, but it looks like another reviewer has taken care of that.

So what can I say, I haven't eaten anything here I didn't like. The tacos are all delicious (though my favourite is the Yuba), and an order of nachos is filling and flavourful with spiced beans, cashew cream cheese, some kind of cheese sauce and veggies. I've been eyeing those burritos, but haven't gotten around to ordering one yet.

I'm happy to see a couple of different hot sauces on the side bench, along with a help yourself collection of water jugs. You might notice the lack of garbage can, well, everything is biodegradable. Which is awesome, but I can't help but be compelled to bring along a reusable container with me so I don't waste any more paper bags on donuts I inhale in 5 minutes anyway.

The limeade can be a bit too heavy on the agave sometimes, but otherwise I have no serious complaints. Service depends on the day and who's at the counter, but it's usually somewhere between decent and awesome.

The seating is limited to about 9-12 people depending on where you're sitting, but it hasn't felt crowded any of the (several several several) times I've gone in. There is a lot of foot traffic, people running in and out to grab a quick bite. 

The simplicity of their menu and pricing scheme is appreciated, just enough choice, without too much choice. What you see on the board, is what you will pay (tax is included), and combining donuts and tacos or beverages results in a nice round number which nutty folks like me will appreciate.

I haven't checked them out for breakfast on the weekends, but it's definitely on my to do list. Breakfast burritos... tempting, tempting.

Seriously, vegan or otherwise, at the very least pick up a donut, you wont regret it, really, go. Eat.","[""i'm late to the hot beans praising party, but not late in trying out their delicious tacos and donuts."", 'taking a bite out of one of their fresh lime coconut donuts makes me want to write poetry, but it looks like another reviewer has taken care of that.', ""so what can i say, i haven't eaten anything here i didn't like."", 'breakfast burritos... tempting, tempting.', 'seriously, vegan or otherwise, at the very least pick up a donut, you wont regret it, really, go.', 'eat.']",18,74
808,Disgraceland,"I've lived in Toronto for two whole years as of this month, and I have never once had  a bad time there. More often than not, we've gone there for brunch, and the service has been stellar. Not just hey they'll bring me my order the way I asked for it, but they'll do that AND be friendly, helpful, and fast. Service is great, they have on repeat occasions gone out of their way to be accommodating (without attitude).

A big one for me is they are vegan friendly (including the best most delicious vegan caesars in town) with most brunch items available veganized (and like every other brunch place they are omnivore and lacto-ovo-vegetarian friendly too,) you sit where you want, you can play board games if you want, you can drink bottomless coffee with your brunch if you want, you can ask for their fancy cocktail menu (yes, they have one), or just check out what's on offer to drink on the chalkboard.

I'll also say, that the food is okay. Tofu scramble is hit or miss, but usually it's decent enough that even on it's worse. I've had worse tofu scrambles at places catering to vegetarians, so there is that.

I've gone with friends, I've gone with family, I've gone in pairs, I've gone in big groups. Go for brunch. It's great. Go for drinks, it's fun. 

Other stuff: Cash only (but there is an ATM inside), they have baked goods and cheesecake from Through Being Cool (vegan) bakery, and conveniently close to Nazareth Ethiopian restaurant (eat delicious Ethiopian food then go drinking).","[""i've lived in toronto for two whole years as of this month, and i have never once had  a bad time there."", ""more often than not, we've gone there for brunch, and the service has been stellar."", ""not just hey they'll bring me my order the way i asked for it, but they'll do that and be friendly, helpful, and fast."", 'service is great, they have on repeat occasions gone out of their way to be accommodating (without attitude).', ""a big one for me is they are vegan friendly (including the best most delicious vegan caesars in town) with most brunch items available veganized (and like every other brunch place they are omnivore and lacto-ovo-vegetarian friendly too,) you sit where you want, you can play board games if you want, you can drink bottomless coffee with your brunch if you want, you can ask for their fancy cocktail menu (yes, they have one), or just check out what's on offer to drink on the chalkboard."", ""i've gone with friends, i've gone with family, i've gone in pairs, i've gone in big groups."", 'go for brunch.', ""it's great."", ""go for drinks, it's fun."", 'other stuff: cash only (but there is an atm inside), they have baked goods and cheesecake from through being cool (vegan) bakery, and conveniently close to nazareth ethiopian restaurant (eat delicious ethiopian food then go drinking).']",13,109
809,Burrito Boyz,"I finally went to Burritos Boyz the other day and I was really pleased with what I got. Flavourwise and servicewise it trumps Chipotle entirely.

I got a vegan burrito and didn't feel deprived of anything, it was a nice big meal. I really liked how they constructed it. It made a huge difference when biting in. There was an intermingling of flavours rather then the usual ""oh here's rice, oh here's lettuce, oh here's salsa""  feeling I get from some other places. It was quite filling, though I probably could have eaten two for lunch. I think grilling the burrito is a nice touch, crispy on the outside warm and yummy on the inside. 

They have veggie ground round, and vegan guacamole, and hot sauce that's actually hot. I wish they also had some daiya, because that would have made this place all around perfect.

We got there right before the lunchtime rush, so not only did we get our orders quickly, I even snagged a seat in the corner.","['i finally went to burritos boyz the other day and i was really pleased with what i got.', 'flavourwise and servicewise it trumps chipotle entirely.', ""i got a vegan burrito and didn't feel deprived of anything, it was a nice big meal."", 'i really liked how they constructed it.', 'it made a huge difference when biting in.', 'it was quite filling, though i probably could have eaten two for lunch.', 'i think grilling the burrito is a nice touch, crispy on the outside warm and yummy on the inside.', ""they have veggie ground round, and vegan guacamole, and hot sauce that's actually hot."", 'i wish they also had some daiya, because that would have made this place all around perfect.', 'we got there right before the lunchtime rush, so not only did we get our orders quickly, i even snagged a seat in the corner.']",11,375
810,Mela Cafe,"There are a few vegan options here, and they are labelled clearly on the chalkboard near the cashier (though they don't always write everything they're serving on the board). 

Service was friendly and quick, I ordered the sweet potato and rapini pie, which wasn't as tasty as the dish my friends ordered (the cauliflower and soy protein pie). They have a vegan cheesecake that is phenomenal.

It's a cozy little space, and there were a few other folks there when we walked in on Saturday, but it didn't feel too crowded.

I'll have to try their coffee next time.","[""there are a few vegan options here, and they are labelled clearly on the chalkboard near the cashier (though they don't always write everything they're serving on the board)."", ""service was friendly and quick, i ordered the sweet potato and rapini pie, which wasn't as tasty as the dish my friends ordered (the cauliflower and soy protein pie)."", 'they have a vegan cheesecake that is phenomenal.', ""it's a cozy little space, and there were a few other folks there when we walked in on saturday, but it didn't feel too crowded."", ""i'll have to try their coffee next time.""]",5,12
811,Cardinal Rule,"I went here last week on Friday, and it was great. I wondered why it had taken me so long to actually go in (well I know why, the outside doesn't look nearly as inviting as the inside does). Menu is colour coded and vegan, vegetarian, gluten-free, or non-veg friendly. There is probably something for everyone here which makes it a good potential spot to take non-veg in-laws or something. 

Service was great, our server seemed to actually like it there, and was knowledgeable about the menu.

I had the phish and chips and would totally eat them again, pretty delicious. Crispy deepfried pieces of tender tofu, with a side of chips and spicy house made tartar sauce.

I think it's time to check them out for a Sunday brunch and see what it looks like on a busy day.","['i went here last week on friday, and it was great.', ""i wondered why it had taken me so long to actually go in (well i know why, the outside doesn't look nearly as inviting as the inside does)."", 'menu is colour coded and vegan, vegetarian, gluten-free, or non-veg friendly.', 'there is probably something for everyone here which makes it a good potential spot to take non-veg in-laws or something.', 'service was great, our server seemed to actually like it there, and was knowledgeable about the menu.', 'i had the phish and chips and would totally eat them again, pretty delicious.', 'crispy deepfried pieces of tender tofu, with a side of chips and spicy house made tartar sauce.', ""i think it's time to check them out for a sunday brunch and see what it looks like on a busy day.""]",8,121
812,The Friendly Thai,"I prefer this location to the other ones in the city. We live really close to the Queen West one, but order delivery or dine-in at this one.

Dine in service is always friendly, and quick. Dishes are veganizable, there are lots of options, the food is always tasty and the portions are huge (we're eaters, but we still end up taking food home with us). The food could be spicier, but that seems pretty standard in this city and nothing a bit of hot sauce can't fix.

My delivery experiences have varied. When I order things through Order-It or Just Eat,  the resulting delivery takes forever, there are often issues with our order (like egg in the pad thai when we specifically said vegan/no egg), and the prices are more expensive than just ordering directly. 

So we started calling them to place delivery orders and things went much more smoothly. Orders seemed to come faster with no mistakes.","['i prefer this location to the other ones in the city.', 'we live really close to the queen west one, but order delivery or dine-in at this one.', 'dine in service is always friendly, and quick.', ""dishes are veganizable, there are lots of options, the food is always tasty and the portions are huge (we're eaters, but we still end up taking food home with us)."", ""the food could be spicier, but that seems pretty standard in this city and nothing a bit of hot sauce can't fix."", 'my delivery experiences have varied.', 'when i order things through order-it or just eat,  the resulting delivery takes forever, there are often issues with our order (like egg in the pad thai when we specifically said vegan/no egg), and the prices are more expensive than just ordering directly.', 'so we started calling them to place delivery orders and things went much more smoothly.', 'orders seemed to come faster with no mistakes.']",9,54
813,Kupfert & Kim,"I went to check out Kupfert & Kim today at First Canadian Place. It was reasonably busy, even at 3pm.

Service was friendly - though it seems like they have a lot of staff behind a very small counter (maybe it was shift change?) It's a very clean looking space, and I like the selection of vegan and gluten-free sweet treats, like stuff from Earth & City, Bunners Bake Shop, and Rawlly Delicious.

I ordered the ""First Canadian"" , and while I've often felt really bored with bowls of vegetables/grains/etc, this one was a great mix of ingredients - tempeh, quinoa,  shredded red and green cabbage, sweet potato, and a flavourful dressing on the side.

They've got a decent selection of milks (soy, almond, coconut, and  rice) for prepared coffee drinks like cappuccino, lattes, etc.  and fresh juices.

Open from 8am to 5pm, they've got breakfast and lunch menus and seem like a great option for meatless, wheatless, fare in the Financial District.

They just opened two weeks ago, so they still seem to be working out all the kinks, and they don't have a (useful) website yet, but as far as the food is concerned - so far so good!","['i went to check out kupfert & kim today at first canadian place.', 'it was reasonably busy, even at 3pm.', 'service was friendly - though it seems like they have a lot of staff behind a very small counter (maybe it was shift change?)', ""it's a very clean looking space, and i like the selection of vegan and gluten-free sweet treats, like stuff from earth & city, bunners bake shop, and rawlly delicious."", 'i ordered the ""first canadian"" , and while i\'ve often felt really bored with bowls of vegetables/grains/etc, this one was a great mix of ingredients - tempeh, quinoa,  shredded red and green cabbage, sweet potato, and a flavourful dressing on the side.', ""they've got a decent selection of milks (soy, almond, coconut, and  rice) for prepared coffee drinks like cappuccino, lattes, etc."", 'and fresh juices.', ""open from 8am to 5pm, they've got breakfast and lunch menus and seem like a great option for meatless, wheatless, fare in the financial district."", ""they just opened two weeks ago, so they still seem to be working out all the kinks, and they don't have a (useful) website yet, but as far as the food is concerned - so far so good!""]",9,117
814,Vegan Danish Bakery,"Love this place. Sure it was way out of town for me. Sure I can't figure out a way to get there with public transit from Toronto... BUT it's worth the trip, however you get there.

To be honest, before we went there I thought it was just going to be danishes, which was actually exciting in and of itself, BUT it had a variety of other Danish baked goods (like marzipan cookies, and kransekake ) as well as vegan chocolate bars, chocolate soft serve, cookies, brownies and biscotti. And little grocery type items like fake tuna and non-dairy cheese.

The woman that runs the bakery is so sweet and friendly, I felt like I could talk to her all day about food and not get tired of it. Another great part about this place is that it's inside of a costume shop. Can't go wrong with that.","['love this place.', 'sure it was way out of town for me.', ""sure i can't figure out a way to get there with public transit from toronto... but it's worth the trip, however you get there."", 'to be honest, before we went there i thought it was just going to be danishes, which was actually exciting in and of itself, but it had a variety of other danish baked goods (like marzipan cookies, and kransekake ) as well as vegan chocolate bars, chocolate soft serve, cookies, brownies and biscotti.', 'and little grocery type items like fake tuna and non-dairy cheese.', 'the woman that runs the bakery is so sweet and friendly, i felt like i could talk to her all day about food and not get tired of it.', ""another great part about this place is that it's inside of a costume shop."", ""can't go wrong with that.""]",8,35
815,Greyhound Bus Lines,"I neglected to read the reviews on here regarding the Greyhound/Toronto Coach Lines line, and stood in line (at 5am I might add, 5am does not make me a happy camper) for 15 minutes while a woman argued with the counter guy about something ridiculous. I don't envy these people their jobs, I can't imagine the crap they have to deal with.

So I came to the counter, talking about Greyhound, he told me (and it's probably been the millionth+1 time he's said this.) to go to the greyhound counter down in the waiting room and talk to the guy in the vest. Well, shucks. Who knew. 

The waiting room was clean, my ticket situation was sorted out without any issue well before my bus arrived, so I really don't have any complaints.

I really hate going through airport security, and for certain trips (like NYC for example) the rates on the greyhound are really reasonable (especially with advanced purchase), I usually don't have to sit with anyone AND most importantly (is she joking?), I can get wifi the entire way down.","['i neglected to read the reviews on here regarding the greyhound/toronto coach lines line, and stood in line (at 5am i might add, 5am does not make me a happy camper) for 15 minutes while a woman argued with the counter guy about something ridiculous.', ""i don't envy these people their jobs, i can't imagine the crap they have to deal with."", ""so i came to the counter, talking about greyhound, he told me (and it's probably been the millionth+1 time he's said this.)"", 'to go to the greyhound counter down in the waiting room and talk to the guy in the vest.', 'well, shucks.', 'who knew.', ""the waiting room was clean, my ticket situation was sorted out without any issue well before my bus arrived, so i really don't have any complaints."", ""i really hate going through airport security, and for certain trips (like nyc for example) the rates on the greyhound are really reasonable (especially with advanced purchase), i usually don't have to sit with anyone and most importantly (is she joking?"", '), i can get wifi the entire way down.']",9,50
816,Galleria Supermarket,"I'd like to say I loved this place, because for the most part I did.

The veggie selection was beautiful, the store was bright and clean, but ultimately, all of that was ruined by my experience at the check out.

I went through the self check out, you know, so I could avoid talking to cashiers and go through the process quickly? Instead the attendant would not leave me alone and it took twice as long.

He hovered and hassled me the entire time I was going through the check out, he yelled out the veggies at me that I was buying from his station, and it was really frustrating. It totally ruined the whole experience for me. 

If I do go back, I'm not going to bother doing self check-out (and I don't recommend anyone else does either), not much point if someone is going to micromanage the entire process.

I would have given this place a five, I wanted to give this place a two after I left, but it gets a begrudging three because it has such a nice selection and a clean bright location.","[""i'd like to say i loved this place, because for the most part i did."", 'the veggie selection was beautiful, the store was bright and clean, but ultimately, all of that was ruined by my experience at the check out.', 'i went through the self check out, you know, so i could avoid talking to cashiers and go through the process quickly?', 'instead the attendant would not leave me alone and it took twice as long.', 'he hovered and hassled me the entire time i was going through the check out, he yelled out the veggies at me that i was buying from his station, and it was really frustrating.', 'it totally ruined the whole experience for me.', ""if i do go back, i'm not going to bother doing self check-out (and i don't recommend anyone else does either), not much point if someone is going to micromanage the entire process."", 'i would have given this place a five, i wanted to give this place a two after i left, but it gets a begrudging three because it has such a nice selection and a clean bright location.']",8,103
817,Vegetarian Haven,"First of all, this is probably the best Vegetarian restaurant I've been to in the Toronto area, and probably in my top ten of vegetarian restaurants I've been to in North America.

I took a big burly omnivore with me, and he loved everything we ordered, so I take that as a great sign.

We started things off with an order of crispy oyster mushrooms and seared dumplings. I wish we had ordered two orders of the crispy oyster mushrooms because I can never have enough, they are so rich and flavourful and the sweet slightly spiced sauce is a perfect compliment for it.

We both ordered the Special of the Day, which was a tofu skin wrapped taro root mash on a bed of greens, with a side of noodles, and a flavour explosion of a mango salad. 

Our waitress totally sold it. Her description got my mouth watering from the very beginning. It adds so much to a meal when the server is friendly, and she was wonderful. Moreover, she clearly loved the place and the food, which is exactly the type of person I want advising me on what to order.

I was feeling pretty full after finishing my plate, but there is always room for dessert. My dining companion and I shared a piece of chocolate cake and a brownie sundae (but since they were out of brownie, they used lightly warmed chocolate cookies.)  What can I say, other than delicious! delicious! delicious! 

The chocolate cake was good, but not as good as the sundae. Though I'm glad our server made sure we took the left over chocolate cake home, because while it wasn't as awesome when it went head to head with the sundae, it was fantastic by itself at 3am.

In Short: 
- order the crispy mushrooms, you wont be disappointed. 
- And the Special; it's consistently amazing.","[""first of all, this is probably the best vegetarian restaurant i've been to in the toronto area, and probably in my top ten of vegetarian restaurants i've been to in north america."", 'i took a big burly omnivore with me, and he loved everything we ordered, so i take that as a great sign.', 'we started things off with an order of crispy oyster mushrooms and seared dumplings.', ""though i'm glad our server made sure we took the left over chocolate cake home, because while it wasn't as awesome when it went head to head with the sundae, it was fantastic by itself at 3am."", 'in short:  - order the crispy mushrooms, you wont be disappointed.', ""- and the special; it's consistently amazing.""]",18,201
818,Bloomer's,"I've been travelling a lot lately and in the time I was away having fun and eating lots of great food, Bloomers opened and I was really looking forward to coming home and visiting this (still) new vegan cafe and bakery in Bloorcourt.

So finally,I got to visit them today. 

First impressions are: I love the wide open space, that there are multiple options for seating (booths, tables, high tables, etc). They've got free wifi (I didn't look for power outlets this time). Service was really nice and friendly. And I felt pretty comfortable just hanging out with my coffee for a bit

Today I saw a couple of different kinds of donuts, fluffy coconut donut holes, chocolate chip cookies, butter tarts, blueberry tarts, BAGELS, and a donut Bread pudding, and probably more, but I was especially drawn to the bagels, as I haven't seen bagels around any of the fine vegan bakeries we have in our city AND I happen to really like bagels (and usually end up making them myself). as an added bonus they had tofutti cream cheese available. 

They've got a variety of kombuchas, teas, blue sky soda, and assorted bottled fruit juices, in addition to fancy (and more regular) coffee options. 

I hear there is a menu extension coming in September with sandwiches and the like coming soon, so I'm pretty excited to check that out too when it appears.

I liked it here, I would (and will) be back again soon. 

Accessibility-wise: Today the door was wide open (otherwise it's not powered), but there is a bit of a quarter step to get in. And  in a wonderful departure from the usual Toronto bathroom in the basement style the restroom is on the main floor.

And regarding one of the other reviews... it seems a little (no, it seems a lot) ridiculous to complain about the lack of dairy products at a vegan cafe.","[""i've been travelling a lot lately and in the time i was away having fun and eating lots of great food, bloomers opened and i was really looking forward to coming home and visiting this (still) new vegan cafe and bakery in bloorcourt."", 'so finally,i got to visit them today.', 'first impressions are: i love the wide open space, that there are multiple options for seating (booths, tables, high tables, etc).', ""they've got free wifi (i didn't look for power outlets this time)."", 'service was really nice and friendly.', ""i hear there is a menu extension coming in september with sandwiches and the like coming soon, so i'm pretty excited to check that out too when it appears."", 'i liked it here, i would (and will) be back again soon.', ""accessibility-wise: today the door was wide open (otherwise it's not powered), but there is a bit of a quarter step to get in."", 'and  in a wonderful departure from the usual toronto bathroom in the basement style the restroom is on the main floor.', 'and regarding one of the other reviews... it seems a little (no, it seems a lot) ridiculous to complain about the lack of dairy products at a vegan cafe.']",13,117
819,Veda Healthy Indian Takeout,"I come here about once every two weeks, mostly out of convenience, since it's near my workplace, has vegan options, and offers a decent alternative to subway/sushi/pizza options I have in the area.

Service is always friendly and helpful, reasonably quick, and they don't use a microwave to heat up your samosas - which some other Indian restaurants do in the area. Ew. 

I've had curry bowls from here in the past and like everyone has said, the curries are quite bland.  They are spiced but not really (especially if you've gotten used to more authentic little India flavours) and just generally have a ""healthy"" flavor to them. it's not terrible, but miss-able. 

I'd recommend the vegetable samosas instead (or get the spicy lentils as a veg dish for a closer to normal level of spice.) They do bake them - so they aren't deliciously deep fried, but still the filling is nice.

They've recently upped the price of the samosas, but 3 samosas and two chutneys will still only run you just under $5.","[""i come here about once every two weeks, mostly out of convenience, since it's near my workplace, has vegan options, and offers a decent alternative to subway/sushi/pizza options i have in the area."", ""service is always friendly and helpful, reasonably quick, and they don't use a microwave to heat up your samosas - which some other indian restaurants do in the area."", 'ew.', ""i've had curry bowls from here in the past and like everyone has said, the curries are quite bland."", 'they are spiced but not really (especially if you\'ve gotten used to more authentic little india flavours) and just generally have a ""healthy"" flavor to them.', ""it's not terrible, but miss-able."", ""i'd recommend the vegetable samosas instead (or get the spicy lentils as a veg dish for a closer to normal level of spice.)"", ""they do bake them - so they aren't deliciously deep fried, but still the filling is nice."", ""they've recently upped the price of the samosas, but 3 samosas and two chutneys will still only run you just under $5.""]",9,26
820,Go Lounge,"I like this place.  I need to go back on a Friday or Saturday night to see what it's really like, but I went a couple hours before closing on a Wednesday with Nicole H, and it was pretty comfortable with four tables occupied.

I like the interior, it seems like a place I would actually go to just drink coffee or do some work, with the added benefit of having games available if I wanted to play them.

They have a great selection of games in the back, and various events happen every week, including a Scrabble meetup group (Scrabble in the City) every Thursday night.

Beer and other alcohol selection appears ample, but since it was 3 pm on a Wednesday, I opted for tea. Prices for food and drinks are very reasonable, as of yet, there is no game playing fee.

As an extra bonus, service is friendly but also unintrusive.

No on-menu vegan food options or treats (yet), but they do make veg sandwiches with hummus, which is something.","['i like this place.', ""i need to go back on a friday or saturday night to see what it's really like, but i went a couple hours before closing on a wednesday with nicole h, and it was pretty comfortable with four tables occupied."", 'i like the interior, it seems like a place i would actually go to just drink coffee or do some work, with the added benefit of having games available if i wanted to play them.', 'they have a great selection of games in the back, and various events happen every week, including a scrabble meetup group (scrabble in the city) every thursday night.', 'beer and other alcohol selection appears ample, but since it was 3 pm on a wednesday, i opted for tea.', 'prices for food and drinks are very reasonable, as of yet, there is no game playing fee.', 'as an extra bonus, service is friendly but also unintrusive.', 'no on-menu vegan food options or treats (yet), but they do make veg sandwiches with hummus, which is something.']",8,5
821,Fresh on Crawford,"I thought I was finished with Fresh, but a friend from out of town came to visit, and wanted to come here for brunch. So... okay, back to Fresh.

It still didn't win me over.  But this visit was better than before.

Our server was a bit weird, but ultimately helpful and friendly so that's all that matters. One of the other servers ""helping"" the table next to us was terrible and I'm glad we didn't have her. She seemed to be all attitude, and no help.

Brunch was great. I got the pancake platter, which comes with two pancakes of your choice, two vegan breakfast sausages and tofu scramble (for 12$). I could have done without the over-spiced boring tofu scramble, but the pancakes (banana-nut flavoured) were excellent, especially when slathered with margarine and dark rich maple syrup. Tofu sausage was fantastic.

I got an americano.  And while it wasn't a very big cup of coffee, or very caffeinated, it was very tasty.

I also ordered a side of soy yogurt, but really, I wouldn't recommend it. Unless you get some jam. It's not flavoured with anything so when you order soy yogurt that's really all it is, and it's not very good. 

Next time (since there will probably always be a next time with this place): BBQ Burger. How can I go wrong with a veggie burger, that also includes a couple of those delicious quinoa onion rings?","['i thought i was finished with fresh, but a friend from out of town came to visit, and wanted to come here for brunch.', 'so... okay, back to fresh.', ""it still didn't win me over."", ""it's not flavoured with anything so when you order soy yogurt that's really all it is, and it's not very good."", 'next time (since there will probably always be a next time with this place): bbq burger.', 'how can i go wrong with a veggie burger, that also includes a couple of those delicious quinoa onion rings?']",18,150
822,Bello Bio,"We went to Bello Bio earlier this month to check out their selection of products. All the food items there are vegan, and imported from Italy. The imported part sounded a little strange, since I've never thought of Italy as a very veg friendly place, but we learned from the owner, that Italy has a growing vegan/vegetarian population

Great selection of random products. They have grain based pseudo-meats, and a very interesting MozzaRisella sprouted rice based soft dairy free cheese, which made an excellent addition to a recent caprese salad. They have prepared foods, and frozen items available to take home (such as varieties of vegan stuffed ravioli.)

Those folks are friendly, and the products have a lot to offer flavourwise. And I liked that they have products that are vegan/plant-based, without depending entirely on soy.

I'm looking forward to going back and picking up more stuff soon!","['we went to bello bio earlier this month to check out their selection of products.', 'all the food items there are vegan, and imported from italy.', ""the imported part sounded a little strange, since i've never thought of italy as a very veg friendly place, but we learned from the owner, that italy has a growing vegan/vegetarian population  great selection of random products."", 'they have grain based pseudo-meats, and a very interesting mozzarisella sprouted rice based soft dairy free cheese, which made an excellent addition to a recent caprese salad.', 'they have prepared foods, and frozen items available to take home (such as varieties of vegan stuffed ravioli.)', 'those folks are friendly, and the products have a lot to offer flavourwise.', 'and i liked that they have products that are vegan/plant-based, without depending entirely on soy.', ""i'm looking forward to going back and picking up more stuff soon!""]",8,8
823,Pizzaiolo,"We ordered delivery from this location and it was okay. But not amazing. 

I think their queen street location is better, or maybe we hit them on the wrong day. The fredo pizza is normally covered with thinly sliced potato and a nice level of rosemary and other spices, this time around, it was rather sparse. 

Considering they said an hour for delivery, and we were only 6 minutes away (if you walk), I would have expected they'd have enough time to actually cook the potatoes properly. I wish we had just picked it up, maybe it would have been better. 

They have three vegan pizza's on the menu and an extensive combination of other types as well. So I'd start the Pizziolo experience at a different location if you want something especially good. 

That said, my slightly undercooked potato pizza was still better flavour-wise than the Pizza Pizza in the neighbourhood.","['we ordered delivery from this location and it was okay.', 'but not amazing.', 'i think their queen street location is better, or maybe we hit them on the wrong day.', 'the fredo pizza is normally covered with thinly sliced potato and a nice level of rosemary and other spices, this time around, it was rather sparse.', ""considering they said an hour for delivery, and we were only 6 minutes away (if you walk), i would have expected they'd have enough time to actually cook the potatoes properly."", 'i wish we had just picked it up, maybe it would have been better.', ""they have three vegan pizza's on the menu and an extensive combination of other types as well."", ""so i'd start the pizziolo experience at a different location if you want something especially good."", 'that said, my slightly undercooked potato pizza was still better flavour-wise than the pizza pizza in the neighbourhood.']",9,12
824,Easy Restaurant,"Easy wasn't easy. I considered getting a smoothie and word on the street is their coffee is stellar. 

But it was busy, and after about 10-15 minutes, with no coffee, we left before ordering.","[""easy wasn't easy."", 'i considered getting a smoothie and word on the street is their coffee is stellar.', 'but it was busy, and after about 10-15 minutes, with no coffee, we left before ordering.']",3,110
825,D-Beatstro,"I've watch D-Beatstro improved their offerings and options over the last few months and it's been great to see them grow from sort of disorganized but charming to really having a solid menu, kitchen, and coffee set up. They have a nice variety of baked goods, occasionally have gluten-free options too for those of you that need/want them, and herbalist blended teas available. But my favourite thing now is their brunch, because it's good, really good.

Seating is comfortable and well spaced out, so if you're tired of sharing elbow room with other folks during weekend brunches - this might be a great spot to check out. The restaurant and cafe is also wheelchair and/or mobility device accessible with a ramp outside (they also have an accessible washroom.)

The folks here make a great soy latte, and why anyone would recommend going to a Starbucks or Tim Hortons over even a non-dairy latte, I don't understand, but Kevin S. you do you. They also have a variety of other fun drinks - like hot chocolate, white hot chocolate, matcha lattes, and other surprises in store for you.  They also ""only"" have soy, almond, coconut, and cashew. Oh no, too many options? Branch out a little.

Check em out for brunch or during the week.","[""i've watch d-beatstro improved their offerings and options over the last few months and it's been great to see them grow from sort of disorganized but charming to really having a solid menu, kitchen, and coffee set up."", 'they have a nice variety of baked goods, occasionally have gluten-free options too for those of you that need/want them, and herbalist blended teas available.', ""but my favourite thing now is their brunch, because it's good, really good."", ""seating is comfortable and well spaced out, so if you're tired of sharing elbow room with other folks during weekend brunches - this might be a great spot to check out."", 'the restaurant and cafe is also wheelchair and/or mobility device accessible with a ramp outside (they also have an accessible washroom.)', 'they also have a variety of other fun drinks - like hot chocolate, white hot chocolate, matcha lattes, and other surprises in store for you.', 'they also ""only"" have soy, almond, coconut, and cashew.', 'oh no, too many options?', 'branch out a little.', 'check em out for brunch or during the week.']",11,29
826,Bunner's,"You know those times when you visit a cafe or store and leave with the desire to tell everyone you meet how wonderful it is? That's how I feel about this place.

They have a great warm inviting atmosphere, and it's a cozy (i.e., kind of a small space). While there is room for about three people to sit in the window area, prepare to either stand and eat, or take a box home (or eat there, AND take a box of treats home like I did...)

The people working there are friendly and helpful, and when I walked in, all wide-eyed and overwhelmed with options, they gave me a run down of what they had and offered some recommendations. Bunner's was just all around fantastic from the start. And then... I ate one of the ""gypsy"" cookies, and I was completely sold. Oats, melty chocolate chips, dried cranberries and a few other things combined into a soft chewy cookie. I want to go back, right now, and get another one.

I should probably mention that in my experience gluten free tends to secretly mean gross, and I have been known to occasionally thank my body for not having celiac disease. So what I'm saying when I say this place is good, is that it's not just gluten-free good. It's actually good.

When I went in today there were cupcakes (three different kinds: vanilla, chocolate and red velvet), DONUTS, amazingly yummy cookies (gypsy cookie), freshly baked loaves of bread (which I'm kicking myself for not trying), muffins, and cookie sandwiches!

What I'm going to hope for is that every coffee shop in town starts using them as their source for vegan (and/or gluten free) treats. While they have decent enough coffee (and Silk Soy creamer is available), I sure wouldn't mind having one of their cookies or muffins with a nice soy latte. (Of course... Crema Coffee is just across the street...)","['you know those times when you visit a cafe or store and leave with the desire to tell everyone you meet how wonderful it is?', ""that's how i feel about this place."", ""they have a great warm inviting atmosphere, and it's a cozy (i.e., kind of a small space)."", 'while there is room for about three people to sit in the window area, prepare to either stand and eat, or take a box home (or eat there, and take a box of treats home like i did...)  the people working there are friendly and helpful, and when i walked in, all wide-eyed and overwhelmed with options, they gave me a run down of what they had and offered some recommendations.', ""bunner's was just all around fantastic from the start."", ""it's actually good."", ""when i went in today there were cupcakes (three different kinds: vanilla, chocolate and red velvet), donuts, amazingly yummy cookies (gypsy cookie), freshly baked loaves of bread (which i'm kicking myself for not trying), muffins, and cookie sandwiches!"", ""what i'm going to hope for is that every coffee shop in town starts using them as their source for vegan (and/or gluten free) treats."", ""while they have decent enough coffee (and silk soy creamer is available), i sure wouldn't mind having one of their cookies or muffins with a nice soy latte."", '(of course... crema coffee is just across the street...)']",15,108
827,Balluchon,"Balluchon is now i deal coffee. It's basically the same place, but better.

I love this place now, so my regular Monday Sorauren Farmers' Market visit is paired with a tasty cup of coffee from -i deal coffee- as well.

Service has been fantastic every time I've gone in. It feels like a space that's good to hang out in, they have vegan and/or gluten-free options, and have soy and almond milk at no extra charge (YEY!)

So lovely. I can't wait to keep going back.

As an added bonus, since they only recently took over that location they are part of the Indie Coffee Passport less-than-3 Edition, so you can give them a try, while taking advantage of a really great deal.

They're currently cash only, but it sounded like they were planning on getting a debit machine at some point.","['balluchon is now i deal coffee.', ""it's basically the same place, but better."", ""i love this place now, so my regular monday sorauren farmers' market visit is paired with a tasty cup of coffee from -i deal coffee- as well."", ""service has been fantastic every time i've gone in."", ""it feels like a space that's good to hang out in, they have vegan and/or gluten-free options, and have soy and almond milk at no extra charge (yey!)"", 'so lovely.', ""i can't wait to keep going back."", 'as an added bonus, since they only recently took over that location they are part of the indie coffee passport less-than-3 edition, so you can give them a try, while taking advantage of a really great deal.', ""they're currently cash only, but it sounded like they were planning on getting a debit machine at some point.""]",9,17
828,Apiecalypse Now!,"You might have seen this vegan bakery win the Toronto Vegetarian Association's Vegan Bake Off (repeatedly), and you've might have seen it at the Vegetarian Food Festival, or at the Farmers Market or a bunch of other places around the city (and Ontario).

Now, you'll see it in a sweet location in the Annex.

Full disclosure: I've been excited about this bakery opening for months, and I don't care who knows it. I have wanted a source for a steady supply of vegan magic squares, and now I have one (p.s. get the magic squares)

I had the opportunity to visit the bakery during the sneak-peak opening in December, and bought magic squares (but not enough), a cookie, and a couple of candied apples and it felt like early Xmas.

Then I waited (im)patiently for their opening this month. And today I braved the snow and went in. I left with dark chocolate croissants, magic squares (obviously), and a pot pie. My partner came home with croissants, a couple of sausage rolls and a whoopie pie. Yes, we're getting ready to hibernate this weekend.

The croissants are ridiculously flaky, the magic squares are incredible as usual, I haven't eaten anything else yet, but I've sort of come to expect that anything from APiecalypse Now! will be really good.

In the fridge & freezer so far they've got (all of these things are vegan): cashew ricotta, Caesar salad dressing, flavoured butters, lasagna, pot pies, shepherd pie, gluten free and gluten-full chili mac, potato salad, tzatziki, tartar sauce, Northwood Cold Brew Coffee (which I'm drinking right now - tasty), and more.

I like that there appears to be a sincere effort made to find ethical, ecologically sound, and human friendly products to make & bake stuff, and that they have compostable packaging.

Service was friendly and fast & they take cash, credit, and debit.

There is no seating inside, so prepare to take out.

P.S. try the magic squares.","[""you might have seen this vegan bakery win the toronto vegetarian association's vegan bake off (repeatedly), and you've might have seen it at the vegetarian food festival, or at the farmers market or a bunch of other places around the city (and ontario)."", ""now, you'll see it in a sweet location in the annex."", ""full disclosure: i've been excited about this bakery opening for months, and i don't care who knows it."", 'there is no seating inside, so prepare to take out.', 'p.s.', 'try the magic squares.']",18,8
829,Ground Level Cafe,"This place is huge, but lacks seating. I spent a considerable amount of time visualizing how they could fit more tables in without getting to crowded, and I can see why they set it up the way they did. But a couple more tables wouldn't hurt. (but that's what everyone says).

I love the space. Floor to ceiling windows facing Queen St and the rest is brick. High ceilings, ample bookshelves and the random old stove in the center... it just works.

I ordered a soy latte, and it was delicious, not too bitter, not too boring. Foam was nice and thick (but not too much) Just right. Unfortunately, they don't seem to have any ""to stay"" cups. But on the plus side, they've got free wifi and they don't charge extra for soy milk.

One thing I find really cool about Ground Level is that it operates as part of Ground Level Youth Ventures where youth learn life skills and job training (beyond just making coffee). Definitely something I'm into supporting.

I went here solely because it was part of the Indie Coffee Passport, but I'll go there again if I'm in the neighbourhood. My latte was better than the cups I've gotten from other shops in the area.","['this place is huge, but lacks seating.', 'i spent a considerable amount of time visualizing how they could fit more tables in without getting to crowded, and i can see why they set it up the way they did.', ""but a couple more tables wouldn't hurt."", ""(but that's what everyone says)."", 'i love the space.', ""but on the plus side, they've got free wifi and they don't charge extra for soy milk."", 'one thing i find really cool about ground level is that it operates as part of ground level youth ventures where youth learn life skills and job training (beyond just making coffee).', ""definitely something i'm into supporting."", ""i went here solely because it was part of the indie coffee passport, but i'll go there again if i'm in the neighbourhood."", ""my latte was better than the cups i've gotten from other shops in the area.""]",15,18
830,Feel Good Guru,"Feel Good Guru is in the progress of slowly opening.  It's a take-out place right across the street from Trinity-Bellwoods Park, and conveniently located in my neighbourhood. I walked in not caring what I ordered, I wanted to try... anything. 

I ordered the soup, which was a hearty miso based vegetable lentil, with lots of greens and packed with flavour. Perfect for today's rainy glumness.

The space is really clean and relaxing, there is seating for about 4 people, but like I said, it's styled as a take-out place (so you know, you could hypothetically take stuff out, and eat in the park.) There are fresh herbs in a wall-mounted garden (that look absolutely lovely). They also have a useful website that actually gives you the information 

I've come to expect raw cakes to be delicious, and Feel Good Guru's cake was no exception. In fact... it was even better than I expected it to be (and the raw bar is raised pretty high already.)  She gave me a sample for free, and I want more of that chocolate heaven in my mouth. Luckily they are right down the street, so I could wander over any time I want. Lucky me.","['feel good guru is in the progress of slowly opening.', ""it's a take-out place right across the street from trinity-bellwoods park, and conveniently located in my neighbourhood."", 'i walked in not caring what i ordered, i wanted to try... anything.', 'i ordered the soup, which was a hearty miso based vegetable lentil, with lots of greens and packed with flavour.', ""perfect for today's rainy glumness."", ""they also have a useful website that actually gives you the information   i've come to expect raw cakes to be delicious, and feel good guru's cake was no exception."", 'in fact... it was even better than i expected it to be (and the raw bar is raised pretty high already.)', 'she gave me a sample for free, and i want more of that chocolate heaven in my mouth.', 'luckily they are right down the street, so i could wander over any time i want.', 'lucky me.']",12,33
831,Urbana Coffee,"Meh. I'd feel okay just leaving the review at that. This place embodies meh, I've had better. 

I walk by every day on the way to work, so I thought... maybe this will be my alternative to Starbucks or (on days when I feel like being treated rudely) Tim Hortons. Nope.  The coffee tasted burnt, in a bad way. And soy milk is 0.70 cents extra (I hate that.)

I was oversold on the 20$ gift card. I like going out for coffee because it's relaxing - I didn't expect to have to say ""no not interested"" to some pseudo promotion (gift card - meh) repeatedly.

With the exception of the sales pitch,  service in general was quite friendly though. But not friendly enough that I would go back again.","['meh.', ""i'd feel okay just leaving the review at that."", ""this place embodies meh, i've had better."", 'i walk by every day on the way to work, so i thought... maybe this will be my alternative to starbucks or (on days when i feel like being treated rudely) tim hortons.', 'nope.', 'and soy milk is 0.70 cents extra (i hate that.)', 'i was oversold on the 20$ gift card.', 'i like going out for coffee because it\'s relaxing - i didn\'t expect to have to say ""no not interested"" to some pseudo promotion (gift card - meh) repeatedly.', 'with the exception of the sales pitch,  service in general was quite friendly though.', 'but not friendly enough that i would go back again.']",11,13
832,Pizzaiolo,"This location was my first foray into the Pizzaiolo chain since moving to Toronto.

We went to this location at 3am on a Saturday night and asked for half a fredo (with potatoes, rosemary and oregano)  and half a vittoria (tomatos, zucchini, red peppers). They didn't even blink, no problem, done. When we got it, it was packed with toppings, hot and delicious. Everything seemed cooked to perfection. 

Afterwards service was a bit off, I tried to buy a drink, and stood at the counter, drink in hand while the server talked on the phone... for about five minutes. Then I put the drink back in the fridge and sat down to finish my pizza. 

On the plus side, the variety of pizza they offer is nice, they have vegan and vegetarian pizza available by the slice (amongst others), and they are open super late.","['this location was my first foray into the pizzaiolo chain since moving to toronto.', 'we went to this location at 3am on a saturday night and asked for half a fredo (with potatoes, rosemary and oregano)  and half a vittoria (tomatos, zucchini, red peppers).', ""they didn't even blink, no problem, done."", 'when we got it, it was packed with toppings, hot and delicious.', 'everything seemed cooked to perfection.', 'afterwards service was a bit off, i tried to buy a drink, and stood at the counter, drink in hand while the server talked on the phone... for about five minutes.', 'then i put the drink back in the fridge and sat down to finish my pizza.', 'on the plus side, the variety of pizza they offer is nice, they have vegan and vegetarian pizza available by the slice (amongst others), and they are open super late.']",8,21
833,Starbucks,"It's a Starbucks, with the same problems and benefits that every Starbucks has. The coffee is the same as every other starbucks, and they never seem to use separate containers for soy and dairy frappuccinos but they are quick, there is lots of seating, and a good collection of power outlets at this location (you just have to find them)

Overall, it's always clean, some of the staff are reasonably friendly.","[""it's a starbucks, with the same problems and benefits that every starbucks has."", ""the coffee is the same as every other starbucks, and they never seem to use separate containers for soy and dairy frappuccinos but they are quick, there is lots of seating, and a good collection of power outlets at this location (you just have to find them)  overall, it's always clean, some of the staff are reasonably friendly.""]",2,21
834,Pizzaiolo,"No more trudging downtown to get a oily slice of potato rosemary (The Fredo) pizza for me, finally, a new Pizzaiolo up north and in my neighbourhood.

This location is clean, and at 4pm, completely empty except for the reasonably friendly dudes working there. They had a special deal going on for a free beverage with purchase for their grand opening (which is now over) but honored my request anyway. Free soda is always a plus. 

Pizza was decent. One half of the GIANT slice was perfect, the other half was more than half of my daily requirement of olive oil. Crispy tasty crust, maybe verging on too crispy, but it was still within tolerance levels. Also, I'm happy that they actually had a vegan pizza available, which is more than I can say for half of the downtown locations I've been to after 7pm. 

I'd come here again and I hope business picks up because that area has been lacking in quick tasty (vegan or otherwise) food options.","['no more trudging downtown to get a oily slice of potato rosemary (the fredo) pizza for me, finally, a new pizzaiolo up north and in my neighbourhood.', 'this location is clean, and at 4pm, completely empty except for the reasonably friendly dudes working there.', 'they had a special deal going on for a free beverage with purchase for their grand opening (which is now over) but honored my request anyway.', 'free soda is always a plus.', 'pizza was decent.', 'one half of the giant slice was perfect, the other half was more than half of my daily requirement of olive oil.', 'crispy tasty crust, maybe verging on too crispy, but it was still within tolerance levels.', ""also, i'm happy that they actually had a vegan pizza available, which is more than i can say for half of the downtown locations i've been to after 7pm."", ""i'd come here again and i hope business picks up because that area has been lacking in quick tasty (vegan or otherwise) food options.""]",9,10
835,Totum Life Science,"I've been going to Totum for almost a year now I think, and it's been great for seriously getting into weight lifting without having to navigate through clusters of bros and other gym jerks. Everyone is generally nice, respectful of space, and you know, no one is ever doing bicep curls in the squat rack.

I still haven't convinced myself to go on a repeat visit to any of the 6am classes, but they exist for those pre-work workout fiends. I'm just too much of a night owl. I'm also lazy.

Classes to chose from include yoga classes, Pilates, boxing, kettle bell workouts, spinning, crossfit, and a whole bunch of others. Lots of elliptical machines, 5-6 treadmills, and bikes. They also have a decent variety of weight machines, free weights, and other equipment to play with.

There is one personal trainer that without fail will change the music station from some amazing techno/dub/remix (you know, perfect workout music) to some weird classic rock/easy listening/crud, so word of advice - bring some headphones if you're going in the middle of the day. The weekend hours are not as convenient (they close at 6ish), but I do like that they're open later than most gyms on Fridays.

One other thing I like is that they have other sport related services available on site. In addition to personal trainers, there are chiropractors, RMTs, a holistic nutritionist, and an ND. It's nice to have the option of just going in, working out, seeing an RMT, or someone else, and going home.

It's clean, friendly, and welcoming. There is a free week trial, and I'd totally recommend you try it out. But only if you're awesome.

Worst/best thing - it's right next to Soma Chocolate.","[""i've been going to totum for almost a year now i think, and it's been great for seriously getting into weight lifting without having to navigate through clusters of bros and other gym jerks."", 'everyone is generally nice, respectful of space, and you know, no one is ever doing bicep curls in the squat rack.', ""i still haven't convinced myself to go on a repeat visit to any of the 6am classes, but they exist for those pre-work workout fiends."", ""there is a free week trial, and i'd totally recommend you try it out."", ""but only if you're awesome."", ""worst/best thing - it's right next to soma chocolate.""]",17,21
836,Nazareth Bar,"I went to Nazareth yesterday and we lucked out because it was nearly empty inside (however it filled up within 30 minutes of our arrival and then there was a bit of a line.)

The service was fast and friendly, but there was a bit of a wait to get our actual plate, but it wasn't uncomfortably long. Our server checked on us regularly and was very pleasant.

We ordered one order of the vegetarian combination plate, and between the two of us, we still didn't finish all of it.

Over all it was a great experience, we got there at just the right time and the bill was ridiculously cheap.","['i went to nazareth yesterday and we lucked out because it was nearly empty inside (however it filled up within 30 minutes of our arrival and then there was a bit of a line.)', ""the service was fast and friendly, but there was a bit of a wait to get our actual plate, but it wasn't uncomfortably long."", 'our server checked on us regularly and was very pleasant.', ""we ordered one order of the vegetarian combination plate, and between the two of us, we still didn't finish all of it."", 'over all it was a great experience, we got there at just the right time and the bill was ridiculously cheap.']",5,201
837,Lit Espresso Bar,"Upon walking in I was delighted to see that they brew a very familiar coffee, Stumptown Coffee (the coffee found in nearly every coffee shop everywhere in Portland, Oregon... aka Stumptown.) The nostalgia was short lived, I think I prefer the Intelligencia coffee I've had nearly everywhere else in the city.

My barista was friendly, and helped me out right away, so that part was nice. 

They charge extra for soy milk, and in doing so, became the most expensive latte I've had in Toronto (however, I should also mention, the portion is comparatively bigger than other places so I'm not exactly complaining about that part.)

Lit has WiFi! Lots of seating, and a nice interior.","['upon walking in i was delighted to see that they brew a very familiar coffee, stumptown coffee (the coffee found in nearly every coffee shop everywhere in portland, oregon... aka stumptown.)', ""the nostalgia was short lived, i think i prefer the intelligencia coffee i've had nearly everywhere else in the city."", 'my barista was friendly, and helped me out right away, so that part was nice.', ""they charge extra for soy milk, and in doing so, became the most expensive latte i've had in toronto (however, i should also mention, the portion is comparatively bigger than other places so i'm not exactly complaining about that part.)"", 'lit has wifi!', 'lots of seating, and a nice interior.']",6,46
838,Cineplex Odeon Yonge & Dundas Cinemas,"I like this place, I guess that's why I keep coming back. The seats are comfortable, I like that I can lean back, and the temperature has always been decent (unlike some places). The location can't be beat (easy access from Dundas Subway).

I know some people aren't into the ""butter flavoured topping"" that AMC has going on, but I love that it's available. Not that it's in anyway good for you (mmm soybean oil...), just that all signs point to its veganness, which works for me.

As with every movie theater, they will gouge you at the concession, and make you wish you had the foresight to sneak in your own snacks.","[""i like this place, i guess that's why i keep coming back."", 'the seats are comfortable, i like that i can lean back, and the temperature has always been decent (unlike some places).', ""the location can't be beat (easy access from dundas subway)."", 'i know some people aren\'t into the ""butter flavoured topping"" that amc has going on, but i love that it\'s available.', ""not that it's in anyway good for you (mmm soybean oil...), just that all signs point to its veganness, which works for me."", 'as with every movie theater, they will gouge you at the concession, and make you wish you had the foresight to sneak in your own snacks.']",6,149
839,Freshii,"I didn't mean to go to Freshii for lunch the other day, but events conspired in such a way that I was in the neighbourhood (hoping to buy a Indie Coffee Pass from Crema Coffee - but they were sold out) and the line was short (because their debit was down) and my stomach decided it was time to eat.

After looking at the menu board, I filled out the custom order form (and there were LOTS of options to choose from.) s  and handed it to the nice server informing everyone that the debit machine wasn't working. (right at noon time! what terrible timing!)

I got the spinach wrap, grilled and filled with veggies, with balsamic vinegar and olive oil. Can't go wrong with that combo. It was warm and fast. Even though there wasn't much reason to (nothing to melt, nothing needed to be cooked) I'm glad I got it grilled. It seemed to help keep the wrap together as I was running down Bloor.

If you don't feel like making up a meal for yourself they also have a huge selection of ""Chef Creations"" (at least one of which is vegan)  that you can modify further if you feel like it (for an extra charge).

The other benefit to this location is that Crema Coffee is right inside, so you can get a wrap, salad, bowl, or whatever AND get a delicious cup of coffee too. And by the way, Crema has one of the best soy latte's I've had in the city... though maybe I should save that for a Crema review...

Just a note, I can never get the freshii wifi to work with my iPod Touch, but I can connect to it with my netbook. Maybe it's me, but I'm just going to blame them on this one.","[""i didn't mean to go to freshii for lunch the other day, but events conspired in such a way that i was in the neighbourhood (hoping to buy a indie coffee pass from crema coffee - but they were sold out) and the line was short (because their debit was down) and my stomach decided it was time to eat."", 'after looking at the menu board, i filled out the custom order form (and there were lots of options to choose from.)', ""s  and handed it to the nice server informing everyone that the debit machine wasn't working."", '(right at noon time!', 'what terrible timing!)', 'it seemed to help keep the wrap together as i was running down bloor.', 'if you don\'t feel like making up a meal for yourself they also have a huge selection of ""chef creations"" (at least one of which is vegan)  that you can modify further if you feel like it (for an extra charge).', 'the other benefit to this location is that crema coffee is right inside, so you can get a wrap, salad, bowl, or whatever and get a delicious cup of coffee too.', ""and by the way, crema has one of the best soy latte's i've had in the city... though maybe i should save that for a crema review...  just a note, i can never get the freshii wifi to work with my ipod touch, but i can connect to it with my netbook."", ""maybe it's me, but i'm just going to blame them on this one.""]",14,26
840,Shauna's Paw Spa,"I love Shauna's!  The prices are great, Shauna is really nice and my dog has a good time playing there. Shauna is very knowledgeable and you can tell that she loves animals. If I had even the slightest notion that my dog wasn't being cared for, I wouldn't go there. It's too bad someone had a negative experience, but I've been here many times and have always seen the dogs in their care happy. I have sent many friends to Shauna's and am glad that she's so close by. I highly recommend!!!!","[""i love shauna's!"", 'the prices are great, shauna is really nice and my dog has a good time playing there.', 'shauna is very knowledgeable and you can tell that she loves animals.', ""if i had even the slightest notion that my dog wasn't being cared for, i wouldn't go there."", ""it's too bad someone had a negative experience, but i've been here many times and have always seen the dogs in their care happy."", ""i have sent many friends to shauna's and am glad that she's so close by."", 'i highly recommend!!!', '!']",8,11
841,Dream Nails,"I've been going here every other week for a mani pedi for several months now.  I like the staff. They are professional and friendly. I feel comfortable there.  I like the massage chairs and the fish tank, both help me relax.  I'm a stickler for cleanliness and their tools are always sterile (autoclaved) and they use liners in their foot baths.  The service is very consistant from tech to tech, so I don't feel the need to be choosy about who does my nails.  They give a lengthier massage than most places, but I find the massages lack-luster.  That's really my only suggestion for improvement. Better massage technique.  My gel polish lasts a full two weeks and so does my pedicure (not gel).  I really like this place and will continue to treat myself to a trip to Dream Nails every other week!","[""i've been going here every other week for a mani pedi for several months now."", 'i like the staff.', 'they are professional and friendly.', 'i feel comfortable there.', 'i like the massage chairs and the fish tank, both help me relax.', 'they give a lengthier massage than most places, but i find the massages lack-luster.', ""that's really my only suggestion for improvement."", 'better massage technique.', 'my gel polish lasts a full two weeks and so does my pedicure (not gel).', 'i really like this place and will continue to treat myself to a trip to dream nails every other week!']",12,45
842,Caramba Mexican Food,"We have visited many many times over the years.  I love the salsa.  The food is excellent and fresh.  I wish they would give out a larger bowl for the salsa since the small cups available are not easy to dip a chip in, however this is a small complaint.  The only other negative is the ""ambience,"" which is lacking. Not the most comfortable chairs.  Everything I've tried has been excellent.  The staff is friendly.  Love it!  We will continue to be regulars.","['we have visited many many times over the years.', 'i love the salsa.', 'the food is excellent and fresh.', 'i wish they would give out a larger bowl for the salsa since the small cups available are not easy to dip a chip in, however this is a small complaint.', 'the only other negative is the ""ambience,"" which is lacking.', 'not the most comfortable chairs.', ""everything i've tried has been excellent."", 'the staff is friendly.', 'love it!', 'we will continue to be regulars.']",10,95
843,Heidi's Brooklyn Deli,"I love Heidi's!!!  I go here often and always receive friendly service and delicious food.  My husband and kids love it too.  As many before me have said, the bread is fantastic. We buy loaves when we are there so we can enjoy it at home. I've tried the eggplant parm sandwich, egg salad, veggie, grilled veggie and a few others and all have been excellent!  I'm a vegetarian, so it's nice to have lots of choices here.  My husband has had roast beef, Italian, pastrami and other subs and has always been happy.  I send friends and family here. Everyone has been happy.  I highly recommend Heidi's!","[""i love heidi's!!!"", 'i go here often and always receive friendly service and delicious food.', 'my husband and kids love it too.', 'as many before me have said, the bread is fantastic.', 'we buy loaves when we are there so we can enjoy it at home.', ""i'm a vegetarian, so it's nice to have lots of choices here."", 'my husband has had roast beef, italian, pastrami and other subs and has always been happy.', 'i send friends and family here.', 'everyone has been happy.', ""i highly recommend heidi's!""]",11,165
844,JT Boba House,I came in to get some boba tea and there was a employee eating behind counter that wasn't professional. The cashier seem rude and unhelpful.,"[""i came in to get some boba tea and there was a employee eating behind counter that wasn't professional."", 'the cashier seem rude and unhelpful.']",2,202
845,"Adams Kimberly, MD - Total Wellness Family Medicine","Yesterday I had my new patient appointment with Dr. Adams. Immediately upon arriving I was happily greeted by 3 women at a side desk. They immediately informed me that the ambulance had just left and Dr Adams was a few minutes behind. This was fine with me. There were 4 patients waiting and the office was comfortable and clean. They made sure all waiting patients knew of the situation and one by one called them back. About 45 minutes later, happily to my suprise, I was already called back!  Yolanda took my weight and BP  - she was professional and kind. She did my initial intake and we had a nice laugh as well. Dr Adams was in the room in about 5 minutes! Now where do I start. Dr Adams is very professional and thorough. She was interested in my home life and even what I was reading in the office! We discussed many options of treatment for my 3 reasons of being in the office. She gave me immediate referrals and advice that I felt was not only professional but thoughtful in her answers. She even called for my bloodwork and labs right there in the office instead of sending me on a goose chase to a random lab. She related to me and understood my past with what I felt very comfortable sharing with her. I have searched for a doctor in NV for 10 yrs. I am so pleased that I actually look forward to going back to see Dr K. Adams. You are truly one of a kind Dr. Adams! God bless you!","['yesterday i had my new patient appointment with dr. adams.', 'immediately upon arriving i was happily greeted by 3 women at a side desk.', 'they immediately informed me that the ambulance had just left and dr adams was a few minutes behind.', 'i am so pleased that i actually look forward to going back to see dr k. adams.', 'you are truly one of a kind dr. adams!', 'god bless you!']",21,65
846,Serenity Nails,"Today my best friend and I went to serenity nails at 1pm. They sat us down immediately. The entire place stunk of someone's lunch. They began to fill the pedicure tubs and when we asked for it to be warmer one woman began scooping the water out (while on her cell phone and chewing with her mouth open) we sat with the running water and nobody to turn it off for 8 minutes until it began to overflow. In which we recorded this embarresment of a ""salon"" proceeded to put on our shoes and leave. The blue pedicure water covered half of the back salon and at one point another man doing a manicure stood up, observed the mess all over the flow and sat back down to the manicure lol! If I could stand on the corner directing people just a block down to Dream nails I would pay them not to step foot in this facility. What a joke!","['today my best friend and i went to serenity nails at 1pm.', 'they sat us down immediately.', ""the entire place stunk of someone's lunch."", 'they began to fill the pedicure tubs and when we asked for it to be warmer one woman began scooping the water out (while on her cell phone and chewing with her mouth open) we sat with the running water and nobody to turn it off for 8 minutes until it began to overflow.', 'in which we recorded this embarresment of a ""salon"" proceeded to put on our shoes and leave.', 'the blue pedicure water covered half of the back salon and at one point another man doing a manicure stood up, observed the mess all over the flow and sat back down to the manicure lol!', 'if i could stand on the corner directing people just a block down to dream nails i would pay them not to step foot in this facility.', 'what a joke!']",8,63
847,Quiessence At The Farm,"Went for a special occasion and let them know in advance, asked for a nice table, we were put in a corner in a cold area was so cold my shoulders hurt and feet were like ice, when I asked to move they were reluctant even though the place was far from full, they did move us however next to a drafty door. The waiter comes out overly friendly, with phoney smile as others on the staff. The truffel soup was like a bowl of salt water.  The Pasta dish was cheap dumplings with frozen peas and 2 mexican shrimps chopped up so small and yes a lot of salt. The Salmon  was bland but the mashed cauliflower under it was salty and not cooked all the way, the broclii was burned, we left half of our meals on our plates and no one asked why? The service was horrible we constantly had to ask the bus person to find us the waiter. Way Way overpriced and an added 18% service charge for poor service. They never said, thanks good bye or come again. I read so much good about The Farms that I really wanted to go, but it is a Never Again, does not deserve a 2nd chance, $180.00 for 2 and did not eat and 2 beverages. Also my stomach was very uncomforatable from so much salt,  I felt very nausiated.","['went for a special occasion and let them know in advance, asked for a nice table, we were put in a corner in a cold area was so cold my shoulders hurt and feet were like ice, when i asked to move they were reluctant even though the place was far from full, they did move us however next to a drafty door.', 'the waiter comes out overly friendly, with phoney smile as others on the staff.', 'the truffel soup was like a bowl of salt water.', 'the pasta dish was cheap dumplings with frozen peas and 2 mexican shrimps chopped up so small and yes a lot of salt.', 'the salmon  was bland but the mashed cauliflower under it was salty and not cooked all the way, the broclii was burned, we left half of our meals on our plates and no one asked why?', 'the service was horrible we constantly had to ask the bus person to find us the waiter.', 'way way overpriced and an added 18% service charge for poor service.', 'they never said, thanks good bye or come again.', 'i read so much good about the farms that i really wanted to go, but it is a never again, does not deserve a 2nd chance, $180.00 for 2 and did not eat and 2 beverages.', 'also my stomach was very uncomforatable from so much salt,  i felt very nausiated.']",10,246
848,Pour Cleveland,"This little coffee shop offers a great spot to meet up, have an office gathering or just sit and people watch. I felt the coffee was a bit high priced but I enjoyed the atmosphere, so it was worth it.","['this little coffee shop offers a great spot to meet up, have an office gathering or just sit and people watch.', 'i felt the coffee was a bit high priced but i enjoyed the atmosphere, so it was worth it.']",2,259
849,Mabel's BBQ,"This place was amazing!! It was the last restaurant my husband and I visited during our get-away. We were shocked at the quality of food for the price. Cool atmosphere and lots of quality beers to choose from. We had the brisket, hog belly, beans and the JW potatoes (I believe that's what they were called) Everything was amazing! Definitely try it out if you're in the area!","['this place was amazing!!', 'it was the last restaurant my husband and i visited during our get-away.', 'we were shocked at the quality of food for the price.', 'cool atmosphere and lots of quality beers to choose from.', ""we had the brisket, hog belly, beans and the jw potatoes (i believe that's what they were called) everything was amazing!"", ""definitely try it out if you're in the area!""]",6,664
850,Barrio,Amazing tacos! A must try if you're in the area. Quaint place with great service! We visited before a Cav's game! Awesome location.,"['amazing tacos!', ""a must try if you're in the area."", 'quaint place with great service!', ""we visited before a cav's game!"", 'awesome location.']",5,407
851,Bravo Cucina Italiana,I had a wonderful lunch with my mother at this Bravo location. Our waitress was amazing and catered to our every need. Excellent!!,"['i had a wonderful lunch with my mother at this bravo location.', 'our waitress was amazing and catered to our every need.', 'excellent!', '!']",4,57
852,Mr. Mamas,"Great service.  You feel like family as soon as you hit the door. Food was great, with a very big selection for breakfast. Owned by a Greek boy from Michigan. We will definitely be back","['great service.', 'you feel like family as soon as you hit the door.', 'food was great, with a very big selection for breakfast.', 'owned by a greek boy from michigan.', 'we will definitely be back']",5,1117
853,Big Fish,"I can't say enough good about this place. Oysters are always fresh and they
bring in daily from both coasts. Go on a Monday and you'll get the two for
one deal; that's 2 dozen for $30...wow!!!
As a seafood lover it has become my favorite haunt for a great meal.
My daughter (teenager ) loves their lobster poutine and I am in love
with their blue crab claw butter lettuce salade with homemade butter milk dressing.","[""i can't say enough good about this place."", 'oysters are always fresh and they bring in daily from both coasts.', ""go on a monday and you'll get the two for one deal; that's 2 dozen for $30...wow!!!"", 'as a seafood lover it has become my favorite haunt for a great meal.', 'my daughter (teenager ) loves their lobster poutine and i am in love with their blue crab claw butter lettuce salade with homemade butter milk dressing.']",5,86
854,Up N Smoke Real Pit BBQ,"My husband and I hired Up N Smoke for our wedding reception. They had catered my husbands work and before he even proposed he said that we should have Up N Smoke cater our wedding when that time came. SO when we were planning I made sure to hire them. I personally never tried it but I trusted my husbands tastes buds and I couldn't have been happier that we went with them. Rich was so fast to respond and to answer my questions. He was even willing to work with us around the timing of our ceremony and setting up the buffet, so we wouldn't be hearing clinging and clattering while we were saying our vows. Once everyone was served, Rich and his crew put all the left overs in tin pans and had everything cleaned up in a blink of an eye! All night I was hearing about how good the food was from all our guest, and I myself have been loving having the left overs to eat and enjoy for the last few days! I almost want to find another event soon to have to order different food from them so I can try out their whole menu!!! If you want great BBQ food, and have an amazing costumer service experience go with Rich and Up N Smoke!!","['my husband and i hired up n smoke for our wedding reception.', 'they had catered my husbands work and before he even proposed he said that we should have up n smoke cater our wedding when that time came.', 'so when we were planning i made sure to hire them.', ""i personally never tried it but i trusted my husbands tastes buds and i couldn't have been happier that we went with them."", 'rich was so fast to respond and to answer my questions.', 'once everyone was served, rich and his crew put all the left overs in tin pans and had everything cleaned up in a blink of an eye!', 'all night i was hearing about how good the food was from all our guest, and i myself have been loving having the left overs to eat and enjoy for the last few days!', 'i almost want to find another event soon to have to order different food from them so i can try out their whole menu!!!', 'if you want great bbq food, and have an amazing costumer service experience go with rich and up n smoke!', '!']",11,20
855,Villa Tuscana,"My wedding was just at Villa Tuscana this past weekend. I honestly couldn't say a bad thing about these wonderful people!! I was in a few times from when we booked them in July, and they were always so willing to sit down and talk to me about my worries and my questions. In the end the hall was decorated even better then I thought. They were so willing to help me and I had a lot of last minute minor changes and they were there helping me set up the room the way I wanted it to be!!!  I also love that the base price includes SO much. Most places that I was going to to have chair decorations it was going to be an extra charge. To do this centerpiece was going to be an extra charge. Villa Tuscana does have a deluxe package but the base package includes so much that if you can't afford the deluxe items you still can have a wide selection of choices! Also there are some great things that come with the package, the DJ is included, the cake is included, and the photographer is included.  I highly recommend taking a look at Villa Tuscana for any kind of big event that you need plan!","['my wedding was just at villa tuscana this past weekend.', ""i honestly couldn't say a bad thing about these wonderful people!!"", 'i was in a few times from when we booked them in july, and they were always so willing to sit down and talk to me about my worries and my questions.', 'in the end the hall was decorated even better then i thought.', 'they were so willing to help me and i had a lot of last minute minor changes and they were there helping me set up the room the way i wanted it to be!!!', 'most places that i was going to to have chair decorations it was going to be an extra charge.', 'to do this centerpiece was going to be an extra charge.', ""villa tuscana does have a deluxe package but the base package includes so much that if you can't afford the deluxe items you still can have a wide selection of choices!"", 'also there are some great things that come with the package, the dj is included, the cake is included, and the photographer is included.', 'i highly recommend taking a look at villa tuscana for any kind of big event that you need plan!']",11,9
856,Angel Beauty Salon,"Great customer service! They go above and beyond with making you feel comfortable and giving you the hairstyle you ask for! Andrew did an awesome job on my husband and Mariana did an amazing job with my hair! Carlos the owner, is really sweet and makes you feel at home! Hard to trust anyone especially coming from a different state not knowing where to go! Definitely will be back!","['great customer service!', 'they go above and beyond with making you feel comfortable and giving you the hairstyle you ask for!', 'andrew did an awesome job on my husband and mariana did an amazing job with my hair!', 'carlos the owner, is really sweet and makes you feel at home!', 'hard to trust anyone especially coming from a different state not knowing where to go!', 'definitely will be back!']",6,11
857,Pho Saigon 8,"I came here with expectations after reading some reviews here. I have to say the service was not as bad as I thought it would be. It is your average Asian resto service. Distant and quick. I got the pho with just the noodles and it was better than Pho Kim Long's! They do not give you a lot of mint and sprouts like Pho Kim Long but I am sure if you ask for more they will give you more. The large was not that big but it was enough for me. They have bigger bowls at Pho Kim Long. Over all I say its not bad. I will come back here just because the Pho was great. Service could be better but hey no one said you have to be happy at work. As long as they do their job right, you do not have to be my BFF.","['i came here with expectations after reading some reviews here.', 'i have to say the service was not as bad as i thought it would be.', 'it is your average asian resto service.', 'distant and quick.', ""i got the pho with just the noodles and it was better than pho kim long's!"", 'they have bigger bowls at pho kim long.', 'over all i say its not bad.', 'i will come back here just because the pho was great.', 'service could be better but hey no one said you have to be happy at work.', 'as long as they do their job right, you do not have to be my bff.']",12,503
858,Krazy Sushi,"Service is bad, very slow. Food is meh. I do not recommend this place. I don't know how they stay open. Will not go back there unless there is no other option.","['service is bad, very slow.', 'food is meh.', 'i do not recommend this place.', ""i don't know how they stay open."", 'will not go back there unless there is no other option.']",5,346
859,Pho Thanh Huong,"Ok, the pho was not bad tasting at all. It was actually ok however 2 hours after I ate it I experienced dizziness and got nauseated and ill! I threw up all the food that I ate from that place. I do not now what that happened but it happened to me. The food was not bad and the waiter barely understood English. I cannot recommend this place after it made me so ill. I do not wish it on anyone. Be warned.","['ok, the pho was not bad tasting at all.', 'it was actually ok however 2 hours after i ate it i experienced dizziness and got nauseated and ill!', 'i threw up all the food that i ate from that place.', 'i do not now what that happened but it happened to me.', 'the food was not bad and the waiter barely understood english.', 'i cannot recommend this place after it made me so ill. i do not wish it on anyone.', 'be warned.']",7,461
860,Gaati Thai Kitchen,Service is slow! Don't bother coming here if you want to be fed. A couple of people were waiting and no one came to even get our drink order. It's not a big place so I don't know what the problem was. Really sad as I was looking forward to eating there.,"['service is slow!', ""don't bother coming here if you want to be fed."", 'a couple of people were waiting and no one came to even get our drink order.', ""it's not a big place so i don't know what the problem was."", 'really sad as i was looking forward to eating there.']",5,300
861,Beauty To Beauty,"I made an appointment in the morning to see Leah in the afternoon and she was able to see me right away. It was my first time at this salon and she was great! She was very good at was she does. We talked about what kind of cut I wanted and she listened and made some suggestions. I like that she was not overly chatty and she just did what she had to do which was to cut my hair. Leah did not act like she was my bff and I like that. I did not come there to chat but to get a good haircut. 
Leah is skilled and knows how to cut coarse asian hair. She cut my hair just like the way I wanted it and she was so nice. The cut was for $30 which was reasonable and there was no push to sell you any shampoo or hair products which I really like. I dont like to be put on the spot after a haircut to buy hair products that I do not need.
I highly recommend Leah to anyone. I am so glad to have found a great hairdresser that can cut my hair the way I want it!","['i made an appointment in the morning to see leah in the afternoon and she was able to see me right away.', 'it was my first time at this salon and she was great!', 'she was very good at was she does.', 'we talked about what kind of cut i wanted and she listened and made some suggestions.', 'i like that she was not overly chatty and she just did what she had to do which was to cut my hair.', 'she cut my hair just like the way i wanted it and she was so nice.', 'the cut was for $30 which was reasonable and there was no push to sell you any shampoo or hair products which i really like.', 'i dont like to be put on the spot after a haircut to buy hair products that i do not need.', 'i highly recommend leah to anyone.', 'i am so glad to have found a great hairdresser that can cut my hair the way i want it!']",13,239
862,Jasmine Tokyo,"Great place! Great customer service. I checked into Yelp and got 20% off my tab. The sushi was ok, I have had better. Lots of dessert options. The food was ok. They had oysters for lunch! The place is clean and huge. I would come back here when I visit again. Recommend it anytime!","['great place!', 'great customer service.', 'i checked into yelp and got 20% off my tab.', 'the sushi was ok, i have had better.', 'lots of dessert options.', 'the food was ok. they had oysters for lunch!', 'the place is clean and huge.', 'i would come back here when i visit again.', 'recommend it anytime!']",9,369
863,Mini Gran Prix,So we went here and we had fun. We did the $20 for 1 hour and ride all the rides you want. They had about 5 to 6 rides for kids and 2 rides for adults. Its ok. It is one of those places that you go once and then thats it. he mini carts were fun but I would not do it again. I dont know why. Maybe its the smell of the fumes coming from the carts or maybe it just did not do it for me. Even our 8 yo was just ok with it. I guess it depends on how much you like mini cart rides.,"['so we went here and we had fun.', 'we did the $20 for 1 hour and ride all the rides you want.', 'they had about 5 to 6 rides for kids and 2 rides for adults.', 'its ok. it is one of those places that you go once and then thats it.', 'he mini carts were fun but i would not do it again.', 'i dont know why.', 'maybe its the smell of the fumes coming from the carts or maybe it just did not do it for me.', 'even our 8 yo was just ok with it.', 'i guess it depends on how much you like mini cart rides.']",9,180
864,Pump It Up of Las Vegas,"Our son loves it here! For $7 the whole family can get a great workout. The bouncers can benefit on getting some repairs but not too bad, they work. Fun, fun place! Closed for parties on the weekend and open Tue-Fri 930-1230 and 2-5pm. Call first to check the hours. Worth the trip if you want to have fun and get a work out. Dont forget socks for everyone. They are mandatory!","['our son loves it here!', 'for $7 the whole family can get a great workout.', 'the bouncers can benefit on getting some repairs but not too bad, they work.', 'fun, fun place!', 'closed for parties on the weekend and open tue-fri 930-1230 and 2-5pm.', 'call first to check the hours.', 'worth the trip if you want to have fun and get a work out.', 'dont forget socks for everyone.', 'they are mandatory!']",9,91
865,Best Nails,"Ivy is great!  The place is clean and the techs are courteous.  The only draw back is the smell of nail salon, I dont know if it is the acetone but it is strong.  An exhaust fan or opening a door will help but with the cool air outside it might not a good idea.  Overall it was not a bad experience.","['ivy is great!', 'the place is clean and the techs are courteous.', 'the only draw back is the smell of nail salon, i dont know if it is the acetone but it is strong.', 'an exhaust fan or opening a door will help but with the cool air outside it might not a good idea.', 'overall it was not a bad experience.']",5,96
866,"James LeFever, DC","Dr Lefever is a different type of chiropractor . No cracking, no pain or popping but effective adjustment . I highly recommend him if you are looking for a chiropractor. He is so nice, thorough and effective. His new office is located on Cheyenne and 215.","['dr lefever is a different type of chiropractor .', 'no cracking, no pain or popping but effective adjustment .', 'i highly recommend him if you are looking for a chiropractor.', 'he is so nice, thorough and effective.', 'his new office is located on cheyenne and 215.']",5,23
867,Scottsdale Cottonwoods Resort & Suites,"I booked this hotel in a rush and my bad as I did not read the $18/night resort fee. Basically I paid $66/night to stay in this hotel. I would not have minded that if the hotel was just honest about it. I think that it was very sneaky for them to practice such a thing.

The resort is huge. It's like an apartment complex and since we arrived late at night the grounds were so dark it was tough to find your duplex like room. It was nice that we were connected only to another room. The grounds were clean and quiet. The bed was soft and comfy. The AC was cold and loud. It had room for 2 people and a kid. The furniture was old and the the tv in the living room and bedroom was ancient. I did not even try and use it. The in room safe actually uses a key..lol (not code).

The room has old stained carpet and the ceilings have beams. The bathroom was old and small. On our first night we actually had no hot water in our room. We showered in lukewarm water. I called the front desk to report it and the lady acted like I was bothering her. The next day at 830 am, thank God we were already awake, with our DND sign on the door we get the maintenance people at our door minimizing our no hot water complain. I insisted they check and surprise, surprise it was broken! I demanded to be moved to another room.

The man on the phone who moved us was probably the only normal person there. He was appropriate  and helpful.  The rest of the staff in this facility have no customer service skills. They just don't care.

They also put a $100 hold on your CC when you check in. I am waiting for them to remove that on my CC or I will definitely dispute it.

I would not recommend anyone to stay here. Except for the soft bed and extra pillows there is nothing here to write home about. There are a lot of other places in Scottsdale that will appreciate your business and you can get more for your money. Stay away!","['i booked this hotel in a rush and my bad as i did not read the $18/night resort fee.', 'basically i paid $66/night to stay in this hotel.', 'i would not have minded that if the hotel was just honest about it.', 'except for the soft bed and extra pillows there is nothing here to write home about.', 'there are a lot of other places in scottsdale that will appreciate your business and you can get more for your money.', 'stay away!']",32,76
868,Sushi Loca,"Sushi was ok, nothing extraordinary. LIke most sushi places in LV they are owned by Korean folks, not Japanese. If you know your sushi you know it is not the same. It is ok if you want sushi on the go. Go to Raku for authentic sushi, the real Japanese style. Pricey but worth it! Make reservations ahead of time at Raku.","['sushi was ok, nothing extraordinary.', 'like most sushi places in lv they are owned by korean folks, not japanese.', 'if you know your sushi you know it is not the same.', 'it is ok if you want sushi on the go.', 'go to raku for authentic sushi, the real japanese style.', 'pricey but worth it!', 'make reservations ahead of time at raku.']",7,421
869,European Massage Therapy School,"$45 minus tip for 80 minutes massage! You cannot beat this price and the comfort! The therapist are graduate massage therapist waiting to take their exams. You can ask for a more experienced student when you make your appointment. CASH only place so bring your cash! It is a secret not too many people know so pass it along. The rooms are nice, big and quiet. It's like going to Massage Envy minus the high price. Check it out! Located by Regal Square above Patty's Closet.","['$45 minus tip for 80 minutes massage!', 'you cannot beat this price and the comfort!', 'the therapist are graduate massage therapist waiting to take their exams.', 'you can ask for a more experienced student when you make your appointment.', 'cash only place so bring your cash!', 'it is a secret not too many people know so pass it along.', 'the rooms are nice, big and quiet.', ""it's like going to massage envy minus the high price."", 'check it out!', ""located by regal square above patty's closet.""]",10,54
870,Las Vegas Athletic Club,"Great gym and  classes, equipment ! Biggest gym of all the LVAC. Bigger than 24 hour fitness .","['great gym and  classes, equipment !', 'biggest gym of all the lvac.', 'bigger than 24 hour fitness .']",3,338
871,Centennial Hills Library - Las Vegas-Clark County,"Its amazing how nice this library is. Its new, it has vending machines and a lounge for you to relax in. I cannot get over the self service library check out and the electronic book return bin. Its so high tech! And they let you borrow up to 50 items! There is no place like LV!","['its amazing how nice this library is.', 'its new, it has vending machines and a lounge for you to relax in.', 'i cannot get over the self service library check out and the electronic book return bin.', 'its so high tech!', 'and they let you borrow up to 50 items!', 'there is no place like lv!']",6,43
872,The Buffet at Bellagio,"I do like the Bellagio buffet. Its a toss up between Mandalay Bay and Bellagio. French food is what they say this place is about. Although I do not eat any kind of seafood I have to say they have the best selection of crab. They had the Alaskan King crab and the snow crab in buckets! This place is like crab heaven if you like crab. They have melted butter that you can scoop up to your hearts content and they have champagne in a glass now not in those cheapy plastic containers they do in other casinos. I like the salad selection and of course the choices in bread. I do not eat bread although I love bread because of the high carb content but enough about that. The bread had to be tried! It was delicious, and they had real butter on the side. Soft butter, not the frozen kind. The butter was at room temperature so it was easy to spread it on your bread. Yum! 

Alright downside to this place is you have to be ready to wait. It felt like a line at Disneyland to get into one of those rides! The line was long! We waited 75 minutes to be seated and we stayed for 2 hours inside. Prepare to wait folks. It is worth the wait but do not come here starving hungry because you will wait and you will end up grouchy and impatient by the time you get to the cashier. Eat enough for about an hour wait and then be ready to feast! Happy eating1","['i do like the bellagio buffet.', 'its a toss up between mandalay bay and bellagio.', 'french food is what they say this place is about.', 'it is worth the wait but do not come here starving hungry because you will wait and you will end up grouchy and impatient by the time you get to the cashier.', 'eat enough for about an hour wait and then be ready to feast!', 'happy eating1']",22,4091
873,BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse,Great service . Jace is wonderful. The deep dish pizza is nothing like Pizza Hut but it's ok. The Caesar salad was delish. I recommend this place to anyone who likes American food .,"['great service .', 'jace is wonderful.', ""the deep dish pizza is nothing like pizza hut but it's ok. the caesar salad was delish."", 'i recommend this place to anyone who likes american food .']",4,534
874,Monta Ramen,"The ramen was good. We have been to Japan and the ramen is similar in taste. The place is busy and small like they are in Japan. I recommend getting here early and be prepared to wait if you have a big party. I like their Shoyu ramen, the gyoza was ok. I thought for $5.00 it was a bit steep. I will visit again although I am not a big fan of MSG which I know for sure they have in their broth.","['the ramen was good.', 'we have been to japan and the ramen is similar in taste.', 'the place is busy and small like they are in japan.', 'i recommend getting here early and be prepared to wait if you have a big party.', 'i like their shoyu ramen, the gyoza was ok. i thought for $5.00 it was a bit steep.', 'i will visit again although i am not a big fan of msg which i know for sure they have in their broth.']",6,2499
875,Town & Country Dental,"If you like personal touch and friendly service then come and check this dentist out! This office will exceed your expectations! Dr Nguyen is professional, nice and the staff is so great. If you are looking for a dentist that does not make you feel like you are one of the many clients or more like a business then come here and see what I am talking about.","['if you like personal touch and friendly service then come and check this dentist out!', 'this office will exceed your expectations!', 'dr nguyen is professional, nice and the staff is so great.', 'if you are looking for a dentist that does not make you feel like you are one of the many clients or more like a business then come here and see what i am talking about.']",4,59
876,Tonkatsu Kiyoshi,Not a bad place. Food was good although the serving is not a lot which can either be taken good or bad. Service was not bad. It was bright inside which was a bit too much. I think the place would be better with better lighting IMO. Overall not bad. I would eat there if I am in the area but I won't go out of my way to eat there.,"['not a bad place.', 'food was good although the serving is not a lot which can either be taken good or bad.', 'service was not bad.', 'it was bright inside which was a bit too much.', 'i think the place would be better with better lighting imo.', 'overall not bad.', ""i would eat there if i am in the area but i won't go out of my way to eat there.""]",7,514
877,Buffet At Asia,"I have been to both locations. It has that buffet atmosphere so there you go. People taking what they want and more. My hubby likes it because you get more for your money especially for dinner. They have lots of seafood and fresh oyster that I do not eat but hubby does. I like the Mongolian bbq although I had to tell the man making it to not overcook the veggies. No salad bar and some fruits. Love the baked bananas, yum! Will go back because of the mongolian bbq.  At least I can eat something here that I like. Kids are also half price, yay!","['i have been to both locations.', 'it has that buffet atmosphere so there you go.', 'people taking what they want and more.', 'my hubby likes it because you get more for your money especially for dinner.', 'they have lots of seafood and fresh oyster that i do not eat but hubby does.', 'no salad bar and some fruits.', 'love the baked bananas, yum!', 'will go back because of the mongolian bbq.', 'at least i can eat something here that i like.', 'kids are also half price, yay!']",11,388
878,Las Vegas Natural History Museum,"Very good place for kids. Informative, very cool. However for me this is one of those once in a lifetime visit deal. Would I go there again? Probably not. But it was a nice place to visit.","['very good place for kids.', 'informative, very cool.', 'however for me this is one of those once in a lifetime visit deal.', 'would i go there again?', 'probably not.', 'but it was a nice place to visit.']",6,125
879,China Star Buffet,"This place is terrible!  One star is generous for this place. I hope the owners realize their place is a dump! The food is old and tasteless. Its messy and the restaurant is unkept. I cannot imagine what the kitchen looks like. They do have an ""A"" rating but that food is just plain bad! We used to go here years ago when it had the same reputation and quality as Asia Buffet. The place now is like the haven of people who just need something to fill their stomachs for cheap. No quality, no taste kind of food and cheap. It is sad to see what happened to the quality of this restaurant. I will never go back there unless it is a no choice kind of situation. Do yourself a favor and drive down to Asia Buffet. A few dollars more and it will be worth your time and money. There are also some very seedy characters in the resto. Bad, cheap food attracts the bad customers? lol","['this place is terrible!', 'one star is generous for this place.', 'i hope the owners realize their place is a dump!', 'there are also some very seedy characters in the resto.', 'bad, cheap food attracts the bad customers?', 'lol']",17,60
880,Aloha Aquatic Center,"Great place for kids to learn how to swim. The pool is warmer than the YMCA pool which kids love. Kids can swim year long and not be cold. When they get out of the pool the whole room is warmer and the showers are nearby. The facility is clean and the workers are friendly.  Kids learn at their own pace so don't expect your kids to be like Michael Phelps after they finish their summer classes. 

I recommend year round classes if you want your child to be good at swimming. 2 months of class is not enough to make them great swimmers. I highly recommend this place for learning how to swim.","['great place for kids to learn how to swim.', 'the pool is warmer than the ymca pool which kids love.', 'kids can swim year long and not be cold.', 'when they get out of the pool the whole room is warmer and the showers are nearby.', 'the facility is clean and the workers are friendly.', ""kids learn at their own pace so don't expect your kids to be like michael phelps after they finish their summer classes."", 'i recommend year round classes if you want your child to be good at swimming.', '2 months of class is not enough to make them great swimmers.', 'i highly recommend this place for learning how to swim.']",9,30
881,Champion Martial Arts,"Careful about signing up with this facility. This place is concerned about profit only (selling tshirts,pants, etc.). High pressure shady sales tactics.  They make it very hard to cancel your membership.  The owners are only concerned about making money off of you IMO. Please be advised. Learn from our experience. Stay away from this place. Very disappointing.","['careful about signing up with this facility.', 'this place is concerned about profit only (selling tshirts,pants, etc.).', 'high pressure shady sales tactics.', 'they make it very hard to cancel your membership.', 'the owners are only concerned about making money off of you imo.', 'please be advised.', 'learn from our experience.', 'stay away from this place.', 'very disappointing.']",9,12
882,KJ Kitchen,"I like this place. It is your usual busy Chinese restaurant. No smiling, busy, no nonsense waiters. I like their fried fresh off the fish tank flounder, mixed seafood with crispy noodles, etc. The prices are reasonable and they are open until 2am! Try and see for yourself.","['i like this place.', 'it is your usual busy chinese restaurant.', 'no smiling, busy, no nonsense waiters.', 'i like their fried fresh off the fish tank flounder, mixed seafood with crispy noodles, etc.', 'the prices are reasonable and they are open until 2am!', 'try and see for yourself.']",6,297
883,Marshall Beauty Salon,"Go to Leah at this place. She is great, not a chatterbox and knows how to cut Asian hair which is hard to find in LV. Reasonable price and no pressure sales to buy products. They are close on Sundays so plan ahead.","['go to leah at this place.', 'she is great, not a chatterbox and knows how to cut asian hair which is hard to find in lv.', 'reasonable price and no pressure sales to buy products.', 'they are close on sundays so plan ahead.']",4,29
884,Sandy Margolin - Urban Nest Realty,"Sandy is a great buyers agent. She is accessible, prompt and will be an advocate for you. She goes out of her way to make things happen. She follows up and calls you or texts you back right away. I recommend her to anyone buying a home and does not know anyone. She will look out for you and be your ally. She is patient, kind and very knowledgeable with her profession. We are very lucky to have found her!","['sandy is a great buyers agent.', 'she is accessible, prompt and will be an advocate for you.', 'she goes out of her way to make things happen.', 'she follows up and calls you or texts you back right away.', 'i recommend her to anyone buying a home and does not know anyone.', 'she will look out for you and be your ally.', 'she is patient, kind and very knowledgeable with her profession.', 'we are very lucky to have found her!']",8,35
885,Relaxing Solution Day Spa,"I read a review here so I lowered my expectations when I got there. They gave me robe and your own locker to put your things in. I was so far impressed. I did not have to wait for very long at all and my therapist got me into the nice massage room right away. My therapist was ok. She was not the friendliest although I like that she was not chatty at all. Her pressure was not that firm. I guess I could have told her to give me more pressure. No water at the end of your massage like other places. She disappeared after the massage never to be seen again...lol.
The check out was interesting. There was a pimple faced teen ago boy at the desk that was not sure exactly what to say. I figured a business like this will have a receptionist all the time and not an awkward boy at the check out not knowing what to say to customers. I cannot even express anymore how weird the check out process was and the tip giving. There was no envelope to put your tip and my therapist was no where to be found! I gave her a good tip and handed it to the boy. I hope she gets it.
Overall the customer service at this place is terrible. The massage was ok. I would NOT recommend this place unless you are just desperate for a massage. This place feels like these people are just going through the motions. Their hearts are not in the right place and I did not feel any pride in their work.  It is clean though, other than that..stay away.","['i read a review here so i lowered my expectations when i got there.', 'they gave me robe and your own locker to put your things in.', 'i was so far impressed.', 'this place feels like these people are just going through the motions.', 'their hearts are not in the right place and i did not feel any pride in their work.', 'it is clean though, other than that..stay away.']",21,11
886,Tina's Filipino Cuisine,The place is a sit down kind of restaurant . The menu is not very helpful and the food selection is limited. I am used to Filipino food places like Fiesta Filipina where you can come in and pick any food you want quickly because it's ready. I was disappointed to see that it was a sit down place. There is also a distinct smell to the place. I don't want to say it smells bad but it was noticeably present.,"['the place is a sit down kind of restaurant .', 'the menu is not very helpful and the food selection is limited.', ""i am used to filipino food places like fiesta filipina where you can come in and pick any food you want quickly because it's ready."", 'i was disappointed to see that it was a sit down place.', 'there is also a distinct smell to the place.', ""i don't want to say it smells bad but it was noticeably present.""]",6,231
887,Nevada Residential Services,Sunday early morning at 130am my AC in my house broke. I called Tim and he answered my call at 130. He came in on a Sunday morning at 8am to fix my AC.  It took him less than an hour to fix my AC and charge me a reasonable price.   I highly recommend this company and Tim. Thank you so much!,"['sunday early morning at 130am my ac in my house broke.', 'i called tim and he answered my call at 130. he came in on a sunday morning at 8am to fix my ac.', 'it took him less than an hour to fix my ac and charge me a reasonable price.', 'i highly recommend this company and tim.', 'thank you so much!']",5,210
888,Archi's Thai Cafe,Its ok. I have had better Thai food. The resto is nice inside although they are so busy. Maybe we got the wrong dishes but the dishes we had like the Thom Kha was nothing spectacular. It was average. I had high expectations because of what I heard from people but unfortunately it did not rise to the occassion.,"['its ok. i have had better thai food.', 'the resto is nice inside although they are so busy.', 'maybe we got the wrong dishes but the dishes we had like the thom kha was nothing spectacular.', 'it was average.', 'i had high expectations because of what i heard from people but unfortunately it did not rise to the occassion.']",5,537
889,The Foot Spa,Massage done by Joe was great! Pressure was just right and the shoulder massage was my favorite. I was not a big fan of the ionic thing but it was ok. The place was nice and quiet and they service was great. I will definitely visit again and recommend this place if you are in the area.,"['massage done by joe was great!', 'pressure was just right and the shoulder massage was my favorite.', 'i was not a big fan of the ionic thing but it was ok. the place was nice and quiet and they service was great.', 'i will definitely visit again and recommend this place if you are in the area.']",4,776
890,Imbibe Tours,"My wife and I took the tour with Imbibe Tours a few days after Christmas. We were picked up from the Aria tour bus pickup area, which is underground. Once we picked up a few more people at Excalibur, we were whisked away and headed out of town. A surprise stop was first on the list as we stopped at the famous Welcome to Las Vegas sign for anyone who wanted to take pictures. After this, we were were headed up through the mountain pass in an exceptionally clean bus with a friendly bus driver. Alan had picked out some wines for everyone to do a blind taste test (whites on the way to the wineries and reds on the way back). All wines that we tasted were of exceptional quality, although the reds were all tricks as they tasted  very different from the tasting notes listed and the grape varietals selected (no wonder most people gets the red wrong). The first winery we visited was Pahrump Winery. One of the owners, Gretchen, was so very informative and enthusiastic. She was such a delight to interact with and had answers for every question we asked. Following a tour and wine tasting, we settled in for a somewhat formal lunch. This lunch was way more than we could have asked for with the price we paid for the tour. My wife and I, being home wine makers and loving all wines decided to taste a few more wines (which I highly recommend). Some of the wines that weren't on the tasting list for the tour were even better than what we tasted previously. We picked out several of our tastings and Gretchen's friendly staff assisted us with setting up a shipment of wine to our home. We also bought a few wines and the staff discretely handed them off to Alan to load onto the bus for us. We were then on the road again and headed to the next winery, I would say that after the first winery, the second one left me anticipating an equal if not better experience, but I was to be mistaken. The second winery has only been around for a few years and thus has some work to do to build up their quality as my wife and I both placed many of the samples in the wine dump bucket. As well, the tasting room was a bit ""homey"". I hope they can make it work eventually, but at this time it was a bit of a let down from the 1st stop. On our way back, Alan made sure everyone had plenty to drink, but the entertainment choices seemed to be geared towards current pop music and not necessarily the demographics of the tour guests he had at the time. I'm not entirely sure that Alan knows as much about wine as he would like to let on. I would also encourage Alan to actively listen to his guests a bit more instead of just hearing them...if someone says they have interest in eventually opening a winery, the proper response should not be to bring up how expensive it will be or steering them towards another business where they can get help in barreling and buying wine. Listen enthusiastically and respond positively. Aside from these notes, the tour is great for the value. Those who love amazing wine, great food and education on how a winery runs will not be disappointed!","['my wife and i took the tour with imbibe tours a few days after christmas.', 'we were picked up from the aria tour bus pickup area, which is underground.', 'once we picked up a few more people at excalibur, we were whisked away and headed out of town.', 'listen enthusiastically and respond positively.', 'aside from these notes, the tour is great for the value.', 'those who love amazing wine, great food and education on how a winery runs will not be disappointed!']",26,20
891,El Taco Macho,"Best margaritas around! The food is all a la cart, which is quite different from typical Mexican fair. Very unique flavors. The place is spotless inside with some nice artwork. Definitely a go-to if you like Mexican!","['best margaritas around!', 'the food is all a la cart, which is quite different from typical mexican fair.', 'very unique flavors.', 'the place is spotless inside with some nice artwork.', 'definitely a go-to if you like mexican!']",5,79
892,World Wines & Liquors,"Weekly wine tasting events give a great chance for everyone to try wines from all over the world. $5 per person gets you a tasting of 5-6 wines. 

Brian is so very knowledgable about their wines and is not afraid to give you his personal opinion instead of the usual tasting notes you get from others elsewhere. I would highly recommend this place if for no other reason than the amazing selection they have from all over the world. Mentioning a varietal, appellation, region, food pairing or any other descriptor will get you a list of suggestions. 

I would highly recommend working through their selections...the wine cellar has some interesting finds as well.","['weekly wine tasting events give a great chance for everyone to try wines from all over the world.', '$5 per person gets you a tasting of 5-6 wines.', 'brian is so very knowledgable about their wines and is not afraid to give you his personal opinion instead of the usual tasting notes you get from others elsewhere.', 'i would highly recommend this place if for no other reason than the amazing selection they have from all over the world.', 'mentioning a varietal, appellation, region, food pairing or any other descriptor will get you a list of suggestions.', 'i would highly recommend working through their selections...the wine cellar has some interesting finds as well.']",6,16
893,Skye Bistro,"My wife and I had an early dinner here on a Monday. The staff was friendly and helpful, but it was obvious that the other waiter was much more interested in customer service than our waitress. Our waitress read off some specials, but we overheard the other waiter reading off a much more extensive list and go out of his way to make his diners much more comfortable.

The food was OK, but overpriced for what we received. I would not recommend getting anything with snap peas as the chef does not know to trim the stem ends off of the peas. The risotto also seems to be a favorite as it is a side with many entrees; however, it is a bit dense (Gordon Ramsey would not approve). It is very obvious that they are doing their best to make this establishment work, but I think they still need to update themselves a bit in order to draw a younger crowd. At present, it is a ""blue hair"" establishment. This may be the image they are looking to portray and clientele they are looking to attract, but the image discourages those under 40 from dining here.

I would also look to update the wine list. At present they have a wide range, but these are the very traditional and well-known mega-winery names. I would like to see some more unique items on the list.","['my wife and i had an early dinner here on a monday.', 'the staff was friendly and helpful, but it was obvious that the other waiter was much more interested in customer service than our waitress.', 'our waitress read off some specials, but we overheard the other waiter reading off a much more extensive list and go out of his way to make his diners much more comfortable.', 'the food was ok, but overpriced for what we received.', 'i would not recommend getting anything with snap peas as the chef does not know to trim the stem ends off of the peas.', 'at present, it is a ""blue hair"" establishment.', 'this may be the image they are looking to portray and clientele they are looking to attract, but the image discourages those under 40 from dining here.', 'i would also look to update the wine list.', 'at present they have a wide range, but these are the very traditional and well-known mega-winery names.', 'i would like to see some more unique items on the list.']",12,42
894,Giada,"This stop is a gem on the strip. Situated on the second floor of the Cromwell hotel across Las Vegas Blvd from Caesar's Palace, The view is excellent. Depending on the time of day and your seating location you may even take in a view of the Bellagio fountain show. The service was a bit slow and we spent roughly 15 minutes there before anyone came to our table, but our server seemed to have a number of tables so we can certainly understand the delay. We were there for lunch and as this was a special occasion, we brought our own bottle of wine. The corking fee was a bit high (but not for Vegas prices) at $35, but it was still a steal considering that almost every wine on the list was an ultra premium wine. Once we ordered, our food came out exceptionally fast. We highly recommend the baked pasta of the day, the Buratta cheese (buffalo mozzarella), Baby Sweet Peppers and Marinated Olives. Our total dining experience lasted over 1 1/2 hrs. We were so fulfilled by the time we left. In the end, when our check came, we found that the corking fee was not on it. This may have been due to the fact that we bought so many dishes during lunch or maybe our overwhelmed server simply forgot, but we weren't complaining :) 

I would highly recommend Giada's for lunch!  All their food is fresh and homemade, which is somewhat rare these days, even on the strip.","['this stop is a gem on the strip.', ""situated on the second floor of the cromwell hotel across las vegas blvd from caesar's palace, the view is excellent."", 'depending on the time of day and your seating location you may even take in a view of the bellagio fountain show.', 'the service was a bit slow and we spent roughly 15 minutes there before anyone came to our table, but our server seemed to have a number of tables so we can certainly understand the delay.', 'we were there for lunch and as this was a special occasion, we brought our own bottle of wine.', 'our total dining experience lasted over 1 1/2 hrs.', 'we were so fulfilled by the time we left.', 'in the end, when our check came, we found that the corking fee was not on it.', ""this may have been due to the fact that we bought so many dishes during lunch or maybe our overwhelmed server simply forgot, but we weren't complaining :)   i would highly recommend giada's for lunch!"", 'all their food is fresh and homemade, which is somewhat rare these days, even on the strip.']",13,2596
895,Oliveo Grill,"One of the best places in Tempe to get a late-night snack that isn't horrible for you.  I'm guilty of not always (or even usually) going with the most healthy options, but the sheiftalia platter has got to be better for me than a burger and fries, right?  Their tzaziki is bomb, the sheiftalia is delicious and tender and juicy and coated in just the right amount of lemon-y-ness, and their pitas are thick and soft, the way they should be.  They're open 'til 3:30 AM, and they deliver.  If you love good food and like to eat at weird hours of the night, do it here.  You won't regret it.","[""one of the best places in tempe to get a late-night snack that isn't horrible for you."", ""i'm guilty of not always (or even usually) going with the most healthy options, but the sheiftalia platter has got to be better for me than a burger and fries, right?"", 'their tzaziki is bomb, the sheiftalia is delicious and tender and juicy and coated in just the right amount of lemon-y-ness, and their pitas are thick and soft, the way they should be.', ""they're open 'til 3:30 am, and they deliver."", 'if you love good food and like to eat at weird hours of the night, do it here.', ""you won't regret it.""]",6,189
896,Asian Dining Chinese Restaurant,"This is the some of the yummiest Chinese food I've had since moving to AZ, and absolutely the yummiest Chinese delivery I have had since moving here.  I've only found three or four places total that have delivered, and all of them have been mediocre or worse, except for Asia Lee.  Everything I've gotten from them is delicious; last time I ordered Szechuan Beef, Pork Egg Foo Yung, and the free Chicken Fried Rice that comes with any order of $15 or more.  I wasn't a huge fan of the pork that came with the Egg Foo Yung, but the egg patties themselves are savory and delightful.  The Szechuan Beef is my absolute favorite, and it made a great lunch when I reheated it the next day, as welll.  I've never been inside the restaurant, so I can't vouch either way for the last review, but honestly, why would I go to the restaurant when I can have all the yumminess delivered right to my door?","[""this is the some of the yummiest chinese food i've had since moving to az, and absolutely the yummiest chinese delivery i have had since moving here."", ""i've only found three or four places total that have delivered, and all of them have been mediocre or worse, except for asia lee."", ""everything i've gotten from them is delicious; last time i ordered szechuan beef, pork egg foo yung, and the free chicken fried rice that comes with any order of $15 or more."", ""i wasn't a huge fan of the pork that came with the egg foo yung, but the egg patties themselves are savory and delightful."", 'the szechuan beef is my absolute favorite, and it made a great lunch when i reheated it the next day, as welll.', ""i've never been inside the restaurant, so i can't vouch either way for the last review, but honestly, why would i go to the restaurant when i can have all the yumminess delivered right to my door?""]",6,79
897,Pei Wei,"Okay, so I might be a total weirdo, but I wake up craving Pei Wei's fried rice some days.  There is very little I enjoy more than waking up hungry at 10 AM on one of my days off, logging on to Pei Wei's website, and ordering fried rice just the way I like it without having to explain it to anyone and risk them writing it down wrong.  I'm antisocial, so what?  Then, I know that when they open at 11 AM they will have my very special order of fried rice hot and ready waiting for me.  The portions are huge, so a $6-$7 order of fried rice can last me up to four meals, which is an awesome [if not exactly healthy] deal.  

I don't really like much of their other food that I've tried.  There's some sort of curry dish that was nice, but I'm sticking to my fried rice with extra egg...  yum.","[""okay, so i might be a total weirdo, but i wake up craving pei wei's fried rice some days."", ""there is very little i enjoy more than waking up hungry at 10 am on one of my days off, logging on to pei wei's website, and ordering fried rice just the way i like it without having to explain it to anyone and risk them writing it down wrong."", ""i'm antisocial, so what?"", 'then, i know that when they open at 11 am they will have my very special order of fried rice hot and ready waiting for me.', 'the portions are huge, so a $6-$7 order of fried rice can last me up to four meals, which is an awesome [if not exactly healthy] deal.', ""i don't really like much of their other food that i've tried."", ""there's some sort of curry dish that was nice, but i'm sticking to my fried rice with extra egg...  yum.""]",7,163
898,Barney's Boathouse,"Their specials menu is extremely misleading -- I went there on a Wednesday, and according to the menu you get ""50 cent drafts with any entree.""  So I ordered an entree and asked what they had on draft.  Apparently that wasn't specific enough, because my beers were $5 a pop.  The waitress played dumb, and when I spoke to a manager he treated me like an idiot for not asking for the ""draft specials"" rather than the drafts.  That language is nowhere on the menu.  He told me if I didn't want to pay that much, ""we were going to have a problem.""  He didn't even offer any sort of discount or anything, claiming that ""he didn't write the menu.""  I paid and left, and I'll never go back, simply because they're purposefully misleading and expect their drunk customers not to ask questions at the end of the night. 

Also, the stalls in the women's restroom have no locks.  Charging five bucks for a plastic cup of beer, they should be able to afford to get that fixed.","['their specials menu is extremely misleading -- i went there on a wednesday, and according to the menu you get ""50 cent drafts with any entree.""', 'so i ordered an entree and asked what they had on draft.', ""apparently that wasn't specific enough, because my beers were $5 a pop."", 'the waitress played dumb, and when i spoke to a manager he treated me like an idiot for not asking for the ""draft specials"" rather than the drafts.', 'that language is nowhere on the menu.', 'he told me if i didn\'t want to pay that much, ""we were going to have a problem.""', 'he didn\'t even offer any sort of discount or anything, claiming that ""he didn\'t write the menu.""', ""i paid and left, and i'll never go back, simply because they're purposefully misleading and expect their drunk customers not to ask questions at the end of the night."", ""also, the stalls in the women's restroom have no locks."", 'charging five bucks for a plastic cup of beer, they should be able to afford to get that fixed.']",10,14
899,Four Peaks Brewing,"This is my go-to bar.  I'm not into the scene at places where there's a lot of loud, obnoxious frat boys.  Four Peaks isn't especially quiet, mind you.  They play pretty good music for the most part, and almost every time I've started to groan because of the song that just came on, someone who works there changes it.  The service is a little slow, usually, but I honestly don't care.  The food is amazing, and the beer...  oh, the beer.  I love the Sunbru for warmer days, and the Oatmeal Stout when its chillier out.  I always end up drinking a little more than I planned because they're so delicious, and that leads to me splurging on appetizers.  My favorite is the spinach artichoke dip.  

All of their beers are worth trying, since they brew them there you're not going to get them anywhere outside of AZ, as far as I'm aware.  If you don't know where to start, for $9 you can order the sampler, and get a tiny glass of each kind of beer they brew, then decide for yourself.  

Short version: good food, good beer, one-of-a-kind establishment, go, now.","['this is my go-to bar.', ""i'm not into the scene at places where there's a lot of loud, obnoxious frat boys."", ""four peaks isn't especially quiet, mind you."", ""they play pretty good music for the most part, and almost every time i've started to groan because of the song that just came on, someone who works there changes it."", ""the service is a little slow, usually, but i honestly don't care."", ""i always end up drinking a little more than i planned because they're so delicious, and that leads to me splurging on appetizers."", 'my favorite is the spinach artichoke dip.', ""all of their beers are worth trying, since they brew them there you're not going to get them anywhere outside of az, as far as i'm aware."", ""if you don't know where to start, for $9 you can order the sampler, and get a tiny glass of each kind of beer they brew, then decide for yourself."", 'short version: good food, good beer, one-of-a-kind establishment, go, now.']",12,2097
900,Bangkok Thai Bar-B-Q,"Me and a friend ordered delivery through GrubHub, which was fine.  The bill, with tip, came to about $50 for two entrees and a dessert, which even for delivery seems high.  (I recently paid $65 for Chinese delivery to my office for four lunch specials, crab puffs, $8 delivery charge, and tip.)  I ordered the pineapple fried rice. I love spicy food. I'm the friend who makes fun of everyone else for eating things at 0 spiciness. I ordered this dish at a 6, thinking it would be on the hot side of medium spiciness. This was one of the spiciest dishes I have ever been served. It was inedible, because not only was it extremely spicy but the pineapples had been cooked so much they were completely flavorless, which is something I've never experienced before. So there was no balancing sweet flavor, it was just insane spiciness that overwheled everything. I am with a friend who also loves spicy food, and it was too much for him, too. He ordered another dish at a spiciness level of 3, which seemed to have no bite at all. Mine was definitely not twice as spicy as his, it was at least 10 times as spicy. I've ordered 8s and 9s that weren't this hot. He also was weirded out by the totally flavorless pineapple. 

My friend's level 3 completely unspicy dish was fine; it was crab fried rice.  It wasn't anything special; just regular fried rice with a little bit of crab.  We ended up sharing that because neither of us could stomach mine.

I am addicted to sticky rice. It's one of my all-time favorite desserts. Bangkok Thai's sticky rice came in a sealed plastic bag, apparently directly out of the microwave, with a coconut milk sauce that didn't have nearly enough sugar. It was overall bland, I tried some of the nuts that were on the side with it; they turned out to be peanuts, which I don't love to begin with, but when a couple of peanuts totally overwhelm the taste of what you're eating, you know that it's not very flavorful. The coconut custard was OK, but not amazing. I've definitely had better. I used to live near Thai Lotus and would frequently get delivery from them; their sticky rice with custard was AMAZING. I'm really sad there's no decent non-pizza places that deliver to my new apartment. 

For a $50 delivery order, I was extremely disappointed. Worst $50 I've ever spent on a meal.","['me and a friend ordered delivery through grubhub, which was fine.', 'the bill, with tip, came to about $50 for two entrees and a dessert, which even for delivery seems high.', '(i recently paid $65 for chinese delivery to my office for four lunch specials, crab puffs, $8 delivery charge, and tip.)', ""i'm really sad there's no decent non-pizza places that deliver to my new apartment."", 'for a $50 delivery order, i was extremely disappointed.', ""worst $50 i've ever spent on a meal.""]",28,150
901,Dutch Bros Coffee,"I love Dutch Bros!  I'm a dedicated punch-card holder, addicted to iced Kickers, which are their Irish-cream flavored specialty.  They're really rich though, just so you know what you're getting into before you take my advice.  They make it with cream, but you can also get it with less fatty milks (or soy milk).  If you want the full experience, get the cream though.  

I also love that their prices are all in increments of $0.25, including tax.  It's just a nice touch.  :)","['i love dutch bros!', ""i'm a dedicated punch-card holder, addicted to iced kickers, which are their irish-cream flavored specialty."", ""they're really rich though, just so you know what you're getting into before you take my advice."", 'they make it with cream, but you can also get it with less fatty milks (or soy milk).', 'if you want the full experience, get the cream though.', 'i also love that their prices are all in increments of $0.25, including tax.', ""it's just a nice touch."", ':)']",8,209
902,Thai Buffet & American Sandwiches,"Oh, what a wonderful experience.  

My boyfriend and I were going a little nuts on Groupon yesterday (I think we purchased 3 different deals) when we discovered a Groupon Now! for Thai Buffet.  My boyfriend is a huge buffet fan, and we both love Thai food.  He got really, really excited and I couldn't say no, so we purchased our final deal of the day, went and ran some errands, and finished off at Thai Buffet.

We were the only ones there at that time, but we were a bit early for dinner and really late for lunch (I think we arrived around 4:15-ish).  The buffet is not your standard type of buffet where you serve yourself, but it is all you can eat.  Joann, the owner, described each of the dishes to us and piled our plates high with a variety of curries, as well as a bowl of soup and another plate of salad.  We couldn't say no to any of the dishes, they all looked super amazing.  And they were.

My favorite was probably the green curry; it wasn't as spicy as some green curries and it had green beans in it, which I love.  Everything tasted more homemade than ""restaurant-y,"" for lack of a better descriptor.  I felt like I was in a Thai grandma's kitchen, and it was awesome.

As we finished our massive plates of food, Joann went back into the kitchen and prepared us bowls of coconut ice cream with mango, pumpkin custard, and sticky rice.  This might have been my favorite part of the meal, but it's hard to say because it was all so good.  I'm a total sucker for sticky rice, though.

Definitely will be back.  You get a great value for the price (even without a Groupon, the buffet is $9.99/person), with quality eats and very friendly service.","['oh, what a wonderful experience.', 'my boyfriend and i were going a little nuts on groupon yesterday (i think we purchased 3 different deals) when we discovered a groupon now!', 'for thai buffet.', ""i'm a total sucker for sticky rice, though."", 'definitely will be back.', 'you get a great value for the price (even without a groupon, the buffet is $9.99/person), with quality eats and very friendly service.']",18,92
903,Cornish Pasty,"My main problem with the Cornish Pasty Company is inconsistency.  I've had pasties that were simply divine, and I kept going back.  Once I started getting ones that were a little icky, I just assumed they were having an off day.  I stopped going after my boyfriend and I got sick.  I really want to like this place, and I do like some things about it.  The crust on the pasties is always fab, but the fillings are hit or miss.  I always got either the Oggie or the Pilgrim, and the Oggie was more consitently good.  Once I tried the Pilgrim, it became my instant favorite since is had turkey and stuffing inside, and came with cranberry sauce for dipping.  But like I said, their lack of consistency, as well as the fact that I got sick last time I went, has made me not want to give them any more chances.","['my main problem with the cornish pasty company is inconsistency.', ""i've had pasties that were simply divine, and i kept going back."", 'once i started getting ones that were a little icky, i just assumed they were having an off day.', 'i stopped going after my boyfriend and i got sick.', 'i really want to like this place, and i do like some things about it.', 'the crust on the pasties is always fab, but the fillings are hit or miss.', 'i always got either the oggie or the pilgrim, and the oggie was more consitently good.', 'once i tried the pilgrim, it became my instant favorite since is had turkey and stuffing inside, and came with cranberry sauce for dipping.', 'but like i said, their lack of consistency, as well as the fact that i got sick last time i went, has made me not want to give them any more chances.']",9,1585
904,5 & Diner,"My boyfriend and I are super broke right now, so we're taking advantage of our Groupon credits.  We were hungry, and 5 & Diner was one of the Groupon Now! options.  I was originally thinking fries and a patty melt when we decided on going there, but when we looked at the menu the breakfast food looked extra delicious, so I went for the waffle with strawberries, and my boyfriend got the country fried steak and eggs and a vanilla coke.  As I'm writing this, he asked me to specifically mention that the vanilla coke was super yummy, so I'm doing that now before I forget.  (I had a sip, and I can verify that he speaks the truth.)  My waffle hit the spot, it was a nice texture and the yummy sweet strawberry topping was just what I wanted.  My boyfriend cleared his plate, as well.  Our server was super attentive and friendly, and even gave my boyfriend his last refill to go so we could take it on the road with us.  All in all, a very positive experience, especially considering this type of diner usually has mediocre food.  We'll definitely be returning soon.  As a side note, I had been here once before a long, long time ago, and had the patty melt and that was awesome as well.  

As a side side note, I don't know what the person who said the dining room smells like a bathroom is talking about.","[""my boyfriend and i are super broke right now, so we're taking advantage of our groupon credits."", 'we were hungry, and 5 & diner was one of the groupon now!', 'options.', 'i was originally thinking fries and a patty melt when we decided on going there, but when we looked at the menu the breakfast food looked extra delicious, so i went for the waffle with strawberries, and my boyfriend got the country fried steak and eggs and a vanilla coke.', ""as i'm writing this, he asked me to specifically mention that the vanilla coke was super yummy, so i'm doing that now before i forget."", 'our server was super attentive and friendly, and even gave my boyfriend his last refill to go so we could take it on the road with us.', 'all in all, a very positive experience, especially considering this type of diner usually has mediocre food.', ""we'll definitely be returning soon."", 'as a side note, i had been here once before a long, long time ago, and had the patty melt and that was awesome as well.', ""as a side side note, i don't know what the person who said the dining room smells like a bathroom is talking about.""]",13,30
905,Blockbuster Video,"The employees are for the most part very friendly, and right now they've got some sweet deals going on for candy.  2 sodas, 2 candies, and a popcorn for $5, or 1 soda, 1 candy, and 1 popcorn for $3.  Plus they give out free gift cards for pre-ordering movies and games.  

They also have a new thing called Direct Access, where if there's a movie or game title that they don't have in the store, they can have it mailed to you within 2-3 business days for the same price as renting it in the store.  You can mail it back when you're done, or bring it back to the store for $3 off a movie rental or $4 off a game rental.  Sweeeet.","[""the employees are for the most part very friendly, and right now they've got some sweet deals going on for candy."", '2 sodas, 2 candies, and a popcorn for $5, or 1 soda, 1 candy, and 1 popcorn for $3.', 'plus they give out free gift cards for pre-ordering movies and games.', ""they also have a new thing called direct access, where if there's a movie or game title that they don't have in the store, they can have it mailed to you within 2-3 business days for the same price as renting it in the store."", ""you can mail it back when you're done, or bring it back to the store for $3 off a movie rental or $4 off a game rental."", 'sweeeet.']",6,3
906,Venezias New York Style Pizzeria,"I am addicted to Venezia's.

A while back, a coworker picked up a slice for me and I was not impressed.  I don't know what was wrong with me.  

I re-tried Venezia's on my lunch break four days ago, and I have eaten there every day since.  I brought my boyfriend there, and he is obsessed as well.  I am boring and usually just get cheese pizza, but my boyfriend always gets the slice of the day and raves about it, whatever it is.  I also got the Combo B last night, a slice of pizza with a small salad and a drink, and the salad was impressively good.  The Balsamic dressing was excellent, too.  Everyone should try this place out.  The pizza slices are huge, delicious, and satisfying.","[""i am addicted to venezia's."", 'a while back, a coworker picked up a slice for me and i was not impressed.', ""i don't know what was wrong with me."", ""i re-tried venezia's on my lunch break four days ago, and i have eaten there every day since."", 'i brought my boyfriend there, and he is obsessed as well.', 'i am boring and usually just get cheese pizza, but my boyfriend always gets the slice of the day and raves about it, whatever it is.', 'i also got the combo b last night, a slice of pizza with a small salad and a drink, and the salad was impressively good.', 'the balsamic dressing was excellent, too.', 'everyone should try this place out.', 'the pizza slices are huge, delicious, and satisfying.']",10,496
907,Ono Hawaiian BBQ,"I crave Ono from time to time.  I wish it was closer to my apartment.  I still swing by for some Chicken Katsu whenever I get the chance, because it is tasty and delicious and katsu sauce is addictive.  My boyfriend is more adventurous than me, and he literally always is in the mood to go here.  He especially enjoys the spare ribs, bbq combo, and the spam musubi.  We both love the macaroni salad...  I get why someone said there was too much mayo, and I guess by some standards it's a little plain, but that's what I like about it.  People who say the rice is boring are obviously right, but they're forgetting to put soy sauce or katsu sauce or whatever they want on it.  It's plain white rice, guys, what do you think it's going to taste like?  

They also have these super tasty canned Hawaiian beverages at the counter that we both highly recommend.  

Oh, and if you have a smaller appetite, definitely go for the smaller plate option.  My eyes tend to be larger than my stomach and I can never finish the full-sized katsu plate, but the smaller one is just right (actually still a little more than I can eat, usually) and it's only about $5.  Awesome.","['i crave ono from time to time.', 'i wish it was closer to my apartment.', 'i still swing by for some chicken katsu whenever i get the chance, because it is tasty and delicious and katsu sauce is addictive.', 'my boyfriend is more adventurous than me, and he literally always is in the mood to go here.', 'he especially enjoys the spare ribs, bbq combo, and the spam musubi.', ""it's plain white rice, guys, what do you think it's going to taste like?"", 'they also have these super tasty canned hawaiian beverages at the counter that we both highly recommend.', 'oh, and if you have a smaller appetite, definitely go for the smaller plate option.', ""my eyes tend to be larger than my stomach and i can never finish the full-sized katsu plate, but the smaller one is just right (actually still a little more than i can eat, usually) and it's only about $5."", 'awesome.']",12,135
908,Cibo,"Amazing wine list, fantastic pizzas with unusual toppings, and gnutella crepes for dessert.  It doesn't get any better.  Not to mention that the service is excellent and friendly, and the atmosphere is comfortable and welcoming, something that you don't usually experience in a place as hip as Cibo.  I get nervous going out to trendy places because I'm scared of getting dirty looks from rich people, but this was not my experience at Cibo.  Just sitting on their patio is a relaxing experience, what with the lovely foliage, glass of wine, and beardy waiter.  I always want to go back when I've got the cash.  Great for a date or special event.","['amazing wine list, fantastic pizzas with unusual toppings, and gnutella crepes for dessert.', ""it doesn't get any better."", ""not to mention that the service is excellent and friendly, and the atmosphere is comfortable and welcoming, something that you don't usually experience in a place as hip as cibo."", ""i get nervous going out to trendy places because i'm scared of getting dirty looks from rich people, but this was not my experience at cibo."", 'just sitting on their patio is a relaxing experience, what with the lovely foliage, glass of wine, and beardy waiter.', ""i always want to go back when i've got the cash."", 'great for a date or special event.']",7,1866
909,Paradise Hawaiian BBQ,"Today was my second or third time coming to Paradise, but I wouldn't call it that if I had a choice.

I ordered the Chicken Katsu, which is a favorite of mine when it comes to Hawaiian food.  I was disappointed that it was especially chewy, and that they served it with BBQ sauce instead of Katsu sauce.  It just didn't taste quite right.  The lady working there wasn't particularly friendly, either.  I'll just go to Ono next time I hear the call of Katsu.","[""today was my second or third time coming to paradise, but i wouldn't call it that if i had a choice."", 'i ordered the chicken katsu, which is a favorite of mine when it comes to hawaiian food.', 'i was disappointed that it was especially chewy, and that they served it with bbq sauce instead of katsu sauce.', ""it just didn't taste quite right."", ""the lady working there wasn't particularly friendly, either."", ""i'll just go to ono next time i hear the call of katsu.""]",6,187
910,Phoenicia Cafe,"I am a couscous addict, and this is my go-to place.  Everything I've tried here is wonderful, though, and I love the attached market.","['i am a couscous addict, and this is my go-to place.', ""everything i've tried here is wonderful, though, and i love the attached market.""]",2,197
911,Chicago Hamburger,"Best. French Fries.  Ever.

Also they have great onion rings, fried zucchini, hot dogs...  I don't eat burgers really, so I can't speak to those.  I am obsessed with their tuna salad, though.

I never thought I'd be ordering tuna salad sandwiches regularly from anywhere.  Tuna salad has a tendency to be that unpleasant gray or pinkish color, and have a tinge of fishiness to it, if its not fresh enough.  That is never the case at Chicago Hamburger Co.  This might sound strange, but their tuna salad is the most pleasant pale green color I have ever seen.  It's because they put relish in it.  Lots of delicious relish.  I am in love with their sandwiches, and although I used to devoutly order Polish sausages & fries, I can't turn my back on my new love.  Not the first thing people think of ordering when they come here, but it's definitely worth a try.","['best.', 'french fries.', 'ever.', ""also they have great onion rings, fried zucchini, hot dogs...  i don't eat burgers really, so i can't speak to those."", 'i am obsessed with their tuna salad, though.', 'that is never the case at chicago hamburger co.  this might sound strange, but their tuna salad is the most pleasant pale green color i have ever seen.', ""it's because they put relish in it."", 'lots of delicious relish.', ""i am in love with their sandwiches, and although i used to devoutly order polish sausages & fries, i can't turn my back on my new love."", ""not the first thing people think of ordering when they come here, but it's definitely worth a try.""]",12,368
912,Maid Affordable,"Same deal as everyone else.  I bought the LivingSocial deal, and emailed them through their website as soon as I got the voucher.  I never got a reply, but I didn't mind because the instructions DID say to call a specific number to schedule, as opposed to going through their website.  About a week after my initial email, I called and left a voicemail at the number listed on the voucher.  Never got a call back.  Today, my boyfriend called to try and schedule a cleaning and the number on the voucher is no longer in service.  Their website has also been disabled.  I've requested a refund from LivingSocial.","['same deal as everyone else.', 'i bought the livingsocial deal, and emailed them through their website as soon as i got the voucher.', ""i never got a reply, but i didn't mind because the instructions did say to call a specific number to schedule, as opposed to going through their website."", 'about a week after my initial email, i called and left a voicemail at the number listed on the voucher.', 'never got a call back.', 'today, my boyfriend called to try and schedule a cleaning and the number on the voucher is no longer in service.', 'their website has also been disabled.', ""i've requested a refund from livingsocial.""]",8,24
913,Omni William Penn Hotel,"I was here for a conference in April, and this was probably the most beautiful hotel I've stayed in. The staff and service was wonderful, and the provided food was more than satisfactory. Wi-Fi was a decent speed (except in the lobby), and was free to members who join their loyalty program.

The main issue I had was with the room I stayed in the first night. It faced another room, and therefore didn't have much natural light. I also couldn't leave the curtains open if I wanted privacy. The worst part was the noise. There was a low pitched humming from air conditioning equipment outside the room. The noise wasn't incredibly loud, but it was very grating and made it difficult to get work done or sleep. 

The next day, I asked for a new room. The staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating, and did not make me feel like a nuisance. I got a room that was much quieter, faced the street instead of another room, and had better natural light. I just wish this was true for all the rooms.

Overall, 5 stars for service, 2 stars for the first room, and 4 stars for the second room.","[""i was here for a conference in april, and this was probably the most beautiful hotel i've stayed in."", 'the staff and service was wonderful, and the provided food was more than satisfactory.', 'wi-fi was a decent speed (except in the lobby), and was free to members who join their loyalty program.', 'the main issue i had was with the room i stayed in the first night.', ""it faced another room, and therefore didn't have much natural light."", 'the next day, i asked for a new room.', 'the staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating, and did not make me feel like a nuisance.', 'i got a room that was much quieter, faced the street instead of another room, and had better natural light.', 'i just wish this was true for all the rooms.', 'overall, 5 stars for service, 2 stars for the first room, and 4 stars for the second room.']",14,263
914,Hash Kitchen,"Tried out this new location, and wow! Amazing. I will be back for sure! Everyone is so friendly and service is spot on. Our meal was delicious and the music was great. Can't wait to try more things on the menu! This place is a winner!","['tried out this new location, and wow!', 'amazing.', 'i will be back for sure!', 'everyone is so friendly and service is spot on.', 'our meal was delicious and the music was great.', ""can't wait to try more things on the menu!"", 'this place is a winner!']",7,398
915,Wally's American Gastropub,"Went to Wally's last night and all I can say is YIKES!!!!! The biggest disappointment I've experienced in a long time. What used to be this hidden gem, with the comfort of home vibe with perfectly cooked home cooked food and staff that treated you like family has now become just like every other restaurant in Scottsdale. Way over priced for poor quality of food, staff that doesn't care anymore, management that doesn't care anymore. My favorite waitress is gone, which I guess is no surprise seeing what the owner Chris did to this place. If I wanted to eat at Grassroots or Twisted Grove then I would drive a few blocks down and eat there. Wally's was something amazing, something special that is so hard to find in a restaurant these days.Now, it's ruined, now is disgusting, now it's a complete waste of your time and hard earned money. Don't bother trying it out, trust me. I will not be back to this one. I would much rather drive to the other location on Camelback that has remained the old Wally's. Way worth the drive.","[""went to wally's last night and all i can say is yikes!!!!!"", ""the biggest disappointment i've experienced in a long time."", 'what used to be this hidden gem, with the comfort of home vibe with perfectly cooked home cooked food and staff that treated you like family has now become just like every other restaurant in scottsdale.', ""way over priced for poor quality of food, staff that doesn't care anymore, management that doesn't care anymore."", 'my favorite waitress is gone, which i guess is no surprise seeing what the owner chris did to this place.', ""wally's was something amazing, something special that is so hard to find in a restaurant these days.now, it's ruined, now is disgusting, now it's a complete waste of your time and hard earned money."", ""don't bother trying it out, trust me."", 'i will not be back to this one.', ""i would much rather drive to the other location on camelback that has remained the old wally's."", 'way worth the drive.']",11,80
916,Wally's Pub and Grill,"I came into Wally's  last night for dinner with my wife and another couple. We were seated at a large round table in the corner on the patio. Our server Candy was amazing! What a gem she is. I have never had a more remarkable server. Seated next to us was a very large rambunctious group of ladies (if I can even call them ladies). The disgusting display of disrespect towards Candy was something I have never seen before. They were behaving like they were in a night club and to watch them bark orders at her and to treat her as if she was a slave to them was horrifying. But even more astonishing was how Candy carried herself through it all. That smile never left her face. I hope those women wake up today feeling completely ashamed of themselves, especially the one who did all of this in front of her teenage sons. I hope I never see any of the women in Wally's again and no server here ever has to go through what Candy went through.","[""i came into wally's  last night for dinner with my wife and another couple."", 'we were seated at a large round table in the corner on the patio.', 'our server candy was amazing!', 'what a gem she is.', 'i have never had a more remarkable server.', 'they were behaving like they were in a night club and to watch them bark orders at her and to treat her as if she was a slave to them was horrifying.', 'but even more astonishing was how candy carried herself through it all.', 'that smile never left her face.', 'i hope those women wake up today feeling completely ashamed of themselves, especially the one who did all of this in front of her teenage sons.', ""i hope i never see any of the women in wally's again and no server here ever has to go through what candy went through.""]",12,107
917,Ducky's Roti,Place was old looked dirty so I didn't bother ordering. I value my health so I won't eat there,"[""place was old looked dirty so i didn't bother ordering."", ""i value my health so i won't eat there""]",2,17
918,Emmo Electric Bikes Canada,They do a bad job of repairing flats. They'll probably make you get a new tire and that's expensive but the worst thing is the tire will more than likely have a slow leak meaning you'll probably be going back again and wasting more time. That is what happened to me.,"['they do a bad job of repairing flats.', ""they'll probably make you get a new tire and that's expensive but the worst thing is the tire will more than likely have a slow leak meaning you'll probably be going back again and wasting more time."", 'that is what happened to me.']",3,8
919,Beck Taxi,"Last few times I made the mistake of
 Using beck and not city taxi. Beck taxied smell bad and the drivers don't seem to know the city well. I won't be using them any time soon.","['last few times i made the mistake of  using beck and not city taxi.', ""beck taxied smell bad and the drivers don't seem to know the city well."", ""i won't be using them any time soon.""]",3,111
920,House of Tricks,"Just go.  Unbelievable duck tacos, sublime filet (really how does one make onion rings so good you want more? same for the grits, good grits-WTF?).  Fiance said lamb was so good she didn't know that lamb was supposed to taste like that.  Service great, attentive without being a pain.  Sit outside if you can, inside is noisy and small but smells really good as the kitchen is pretty open (no doors between it and dining).  This was top 3 in my memorable dining experience. ( Everyone has a bad day I guess, hence some of the bad reviews, but go. )","['just go.', 'unbelievable duck tacos, sublime filet (really how does one make onion rings so good you want more?', 'same for the grits, good grits-wtf?).', ""fiance said lamb was so good she didn't know that lamb was supposed to taste like that."", 'service great, attentive without being a pain.', 'sit outside if you can, inside is noisy and small but smells really good as the kitchen is pretty open (no doors between it and dining).', 'this was top 3 in my memorable dining experience.', '( everyone has a bad day i guess, hence some of the bad reviews, but go. )']",8,963
921,Beau Lieu Bistro,"Great French cooking, cozy atmosphere, reasonably priced. Highly recommended.","['great french cooking, cozy atmosphere, reasonably priced.', 'highly recommended.']",2,6
922,Shauna's Paw Spa,"We love Shauna's doggy day care! It's close to home, and her hours are convenient. And she offers half day services which are quite useful when you just need to run a few errands but don't want a crazy puppy on your hands when you get home! She has supplies, but we haven't bought anything yet, although we plan too. Also offers grooming service, which we haven't used either, but will in the future.","[""we love shauna's doggy day care!"", ""it's close to home, and her hours are convenient."", ""and she offers half day services which are quite useful when you just need to run a few errands but don't want a crazy puppy on your hands when you get home!"", ""she has supplies, but we haven't bought anything yet, although we plan too."", ""also offers grooming service, which we haven't used either, but will in the future.""]",5,11
923,Pizzeria Bianco,"This place is as good as they say it is, and more. We've been there twice. Once with another couple who were grumpy about the whole experience and thus made our experience less than par. We were expecting the wait, but they were still irritated about it. They weren't nice to the staff, the staff thus wasn't nice to us. 

However, the pizza is absolutely amazing. So, we went back a second time, just me and my husband. Our experience was much more delightful. We enjoyed a bottle of wine during our three hour wait (and therefore were not drunk as one reviewer suggests) and excellent conversation. The ambiance is wonderful. The staff was very friendly since we were friendly to them. We were not rushed to eat quickly, although the pizza is so good it is hard not to shovel it in your mouth! Overall, we were quite pleased and look forward to going again. 

I'm not sure how one reviewer said it cost her $70 for her meal. Pizza's are $10 to $12, I'm sure soda isn't all that expensive, and salads range from $6-9. Must have left a pretty good tip! 

We've had the Biancoverde and Rosa, as well as the Spiedini for an appetizer. Delish. I just love this place and wish I could go more often. It's how pizza should be made!","['this place is as good as they say it is, and more.', ""we've been there twice."", 'once with another couple who were grumpy about the whole experience and thus made our experience less than par.', 'delish.', 'i just love this place and wish i could go more often.', ""it's how pizza should be made!""]",20,2187
924,Toshi's Roast,"I love local business. Especially when they have great customer service like Toshi's! 

I too have had the green tea smoothie, and what a delightful treat it was! I've also had their blended coffee, and iced coffee. Both far exceed the quality of that ""S"" coffee place. What's so great about the blended drinks at Toshi's is that they *shock* actually blend all the ice!! At the ""S"" place, I usually have chunks of ice at the bottom which greatly annoys me. Not so at Toshi's! And they always toast the bagels, which is great. They have limited outdoor seating, and they don't mind if you bring your well-behaved dogs. 

Oh, and I almost forgot to mention the most important part....they roast their own coffee on site!!! So you know that you are getting very fresh coffee. And you can tell....the taste is so smooth and not even a little bitter. 

Now what are you waiting for? You know you want to go to Toshi's!","['i love local business.', ""especially when they have great customer service like toshi's!"", 'i too have had the green tea smoothie, and what a delightful treat it was!', ""i've also had their blended coffee, and iced coffee."", 'both far exceed the quality of that ""s"" coffee place.', 'oh, and i almost forgot to mention the most important part....they roast their own coffee on site!!!', 'so you know that you are getting very fresh coffee.', 'and you can tell....the taste is so smooth and not even a little bitter.', 'now what are you waiting for?', ""you know you want to go to toshi's!""]",15,4
925,Paradise Bakery and Cafe,"Paradise is good. Wildflower is better. But there is no Wildflower in Surprise, so Paradise it is! 

As others have said, the tomato soup is quite delicious. I'm also a big fan of the salad with cranberries....but the name escapes me right now. The turkey wrap is average...lacking flavor. The breakfast quiche is also average. I think mine had been sitting out for a while, so maybe a fresh one would taste better? Cookies are good, but it is hard to screw up cookies. 

The salads are gigantic. Seriously, who needs a salad that big? I guess if you want it for lunch, dinner, and lunch the next day, what a deal! 

It can be a bit confusing the first time you are there since there are two lines, but you figure out that one is for the bakery, one is for the rest of the food, cafeteria style.

Why do I like Wildflower better? I think their sandwiches are better, and the soup as well. The only soup I like at Paradise is the tomato soup. The others are lacking. I need flavor! I like the ambiance at Wildflower better too, although there is much more seating at the Surprise Paradise vs the Goodyear Wildflower. 

Overall, not a bad place to get a fresh salad for lunch.","['paradise is good.', 'wildflower is better.', 'but there is no wildflower in surprise, so paradise it is!', 'i need flavor!', 'i like the ambiance at wildflower better too, although there is much more seating at the surprise paradise vs the goodyear wildflower.', 'overall, not a bad place to get a fresh salad for lunch.']",20,102
926,Native New Yorker,"I should have read reviews before heading here. I had heard from several folks that this was a good place to eat, and we had heard that the wings were out of this world. Yeah, not quite.

First of all, the ambiance is not that great. Lots of small, loud children. 

The service was very average. We had three servers ask us if we had been helped yet, which I suppose is a good thing, but they all seemed very confused and not sure if we were their table. But good that they asked. Our actual server took quite a while to greet us, and of course he forgot my water. Brought the beer though! 

We started with wings and we wanted to split them...two flavors. At first he told us we couldn't do that, even though it says right on the menu that you can. He made it seem as though he was doing us a favor by splitting them for us! They tasted more like chicken fingers and not wings. Way too much breading. 

I had the California burger, hubby had the fish and chips. The burger was overdone, but I expected it would be so I ordered it medium to get it to medium well. It was well done. Thankfully I didn't order well done! Otherwise it wasn't bad for this kind of place. I also order the potato chips as a side since they make them there. The chips were burnt.  The fish was seriously over breaded (apparently they like doing that here) and way too big. The baked potato and cole slaw...very average. 

Now all that being said.....our bill was very cheap ($33) and that included two beers, wings, and two entrees. 

Want cheap food and average service? Go here! Otherwise, try somewhere else.","['i should have read reviews before heading here.', 'i had heard from several folks that this was a good place to eat, and we had heard that the wings were out of this world.', 'yeah, not quite.', 'want cheap food and average service?', 'go here!', 'otherwise, try somewhere else.']",28,3
927,Tarbell's,"We went here for a belated Valentine's dinner. It was fantastic. Parking was a pain, but we eventually found a spot. They seated us immediately (we had reservations) and our server was very attentive. They immediately brought out bread (delish) and water. Not long after, our wine arrived. Speaking of wine, don't be scared when you see the wine list...I didn't see any wines by the glass, only bottles, so I simply told the server what I wanted, and there it was! 

I had the tagliatelle (sp?) pasta with wild mushrooms. SO good. I'm a big fan of earthy tasty yumminess, and this hit the spot. Why can't I do this at home?? Oh, and the soup... divine! The special was potato and leek soup. Perfectly smooth, must have been strained several times to get it this smooth. Very comforting. Hubby had the mac & cheese for an ap...YUM! That Vermont cheddar is just too good! He had the pork chop for his entree, and I will never be able to make pork chops at home again. Oh well! He thoroughly enjoyed it. For dessert we had the Iron Chef apples, which were perfect. We were pretty full by this point, but these three adorable little tasty apples were just the right finishing touch.

The second best part of our night (the food was first, of course) was meeting Mark Tarbell! I tried not to act like a fool, but I watched him on Iron Chef, so it was cool to meet him! He was very friendly, very down to earth, and seemed genuinely concerned about our experience. He was walking around to all the tables...great chef! 

So for a nice night out, you can't beat this place. Enjoy!","[""we went here for a belated valentine's dinner."", 'it was fantastic.', 'parking was a pain, but we eventually found a spot.', 'he was walking around to all the tables...great chef!', ""so for a nice night out, you can't beat this place."", 'enjoy!']",29,339
928,North Italia,"We had a fantastic experience here! We went on a Thursday evening and with the misters on, it was still very pleasant sitting outside, even in June. The wine list was extremely affordable - most between $25 and $60. For Scottsdale, this is a steal! We shared an appetizer and a main entree. The appetizer was delish. Grilled bread (perfectly grilled, not so hard that it hurts your gums) with three spreads - an amazing goat cheese and marscapone, eggplant, and hummus. Also, they serve house bread with a great sun dried tomato butter. For our entree, we shared the fish special, which was a sea bass with artichokes, fingerling potatoes, and spinach. Fantastic. The service was also great. 

I've come to expect any service in Scottsdale to be rude but  this place wasn't! Maybe we were lucky, but I enjoyed our experience.","['we had a fantastic experience here!', 'we went on a thursday evening and with the misters on, it was still very pleasant sitting outside, even in june.', 'the wine list was extremely affordable - most between $25 and $60.', 'for scottsdale, this is a steal!', 'we shared an appetizer and a main entree.', 'for our entree, we shared the fish special, which was a sea bass with artichokes, fingerling potatoes, and spinach.', 'fantastic.', 'the service was also great.', ""i've come to expect any service in scottsdale to be rude but  this place wasn't!"", 'maybe we were lucky, but i enjoyed our experience.']",13,618
929,Wildflower Bread Company,"Mmmmm.......bread......

Oh, sorry, I'm supposed to be writing a review. Wildflower is easily our favorite place for lunch, and breakfast too. This place is always clean, always busy, and ordering is always easy. 

We usually get the same thing every visit, since it is so tasty. We both get the potato cream cheese soup, no matter what time of year (yes, it is that good!), I get the chicken and feta, and hubby gets the BLT. Even at half size, these sandwiches are plenty to fill up on. And, if we feel we can spare the extra calories, we will get a cupcake to go. YUM! I've also had a salad, can't recall which one, but it was fantastic as well. Sometimes we'll also get a loaf of bread to go, and we've varied the kind, all have been great.

Now breakfast...ah, that was just divine. I got the lemon ricotta melt in your mouth pancakes with fruit topping. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!! And I got the apple sausage on the side. It was a little dry, but no matter since I was so full on the pancakes. All I needed was a mimosa.... Moving on, hubby got the banana walnut pancakes, which werer also oh so scrumptious. 

So, we love supporting this place, and think it kicks Paradise's butt. We are wishing and praying that they would bring one to Surprise, although that might not be good for my waistline....","[""mmmmm.......bread......  oh, sorry, i'm supposed to be writing a review."", 'wildflower is easily our favorite place for lunch, and breakfast too.', 'this place is always clean, always busy, and ordering is always easy.', 'all i needed was a mimosa.... moving on, hubby got the banana walnut pancakes, which werer also oh so scrumptious.', ""so, we love supporting this place, and think it kicks paradise's butt."", 'we are wishing and praying that they would bring one to surprise, although that might not be good for my waistline....']",19,216
930,Karen's Kreamery,"I love the ice cream here! Course, I've never seen baby roaches, thankfully. While the place isn't spotless, it is clean. I love the decor... very charming, and the employees are always friendly. I've had shakes and sundaes here, both have been very good. Also, they sell ""pup cups""...a frozen yogurt treat for your four legged kids! My dogs love these pup cups, and at $1.25....it's a great treat for them when it is so hot out! And it is a local store...so all the more reason to support it!","['i love the ice cream here!', ""course, i've never seen baby roaches, thankfully."", ""while the place isn't spotless, it is clean."", 'i love the decor... very charming, and the employees are always friendly.', ""i've had shakes and sundaes here, both have been very good."", 'also, they sell ""pup cups""...a frozen yogurt treat for your four legged kids!', ""my dogs love these pup cups, and at $1.25....it's a great treat for them when it is so hot out!"", 'and it is a local store...so all the more reason to support it!']",8,7
931,Babbo Italian Eatery,"I've been to Babbo's several times since it is so close to my house. My two favorites are the Pasta Martini and the Gorgonzola Salad. The bread is excellent, and I've had no issues with the wine, so maybe I've been lucky? I've also had their pizza, I can't recall which one, but it was excellent with peppers and goat cheese. The ambiance is great as well, and prices are very reasonable. The reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the service has been sketchy at times. But, it isn't so bad that we won't return. Overall, a good place.","[""i've been to babbo's several times since it is so close to my house."", 'my two favorites are the pasta martini and the gorgonzola salad.', ""the bread is excellent, and i've had no issues with the wine, so maybe i've been lucky?"", ""i've also had their pizza, i can't recall which one, but it was excellent with peppers and goat cheese."", 'the ambiance is great as well, and prices are very reasonable.', ""the reason i'm not giving it 5 stars is because the service has been sketchy at times."", ""but, it isn't so bad that we won't return."", 'overall, a good place.']",8,371
932,Doggy Style Pet Gear,"I have mixed feelings about this place. I love the concept, but the owner seems to only provide good customer service to his ""important"" customers. I've been in here several times, and each time I felt as though he didn't really want us there. My dogs are well behaved, and I've promoted his ice cream socials (and told him so) but I still felt as though I was not welcomed. I may not be as regular as some customers, but I still deserve good customer service. I'm not willing to pay high prices if I don't get good treatment. I want to support his business since he is local, but apparently he doesn't want my business.","['i have mixed feelings about this place.', 'i love the concept, but the owner seems to only provide good customer service to his ""important"" customers.', ""i've been in here several times, and each time i felt as though he didn't really want us there."", ""my dogs are well behaved, and i've promoted his ice cream socials (and told him so) but i still felt as though i was not welcomed."", 'i may not be as regular as some customers, but i still deserve good customer service.', ""i'm not willing to pay high prices if i don't get good treatment."", ""i want to support his business since he is local, but apparently he doesn't want my business.""]",7,4
933,Walmart Neighborhood Market,"We checked this place out to compare prices to Target and other grocery stores. What I found....prices are essentially the same. Since I enjoy shopping at Target so much more (it is my happy place!) I will continue to shop at Target and the grocery store closer to my house. The good points....It is clean and well organized, and in the frozen section the lights don't come on unless you are standing in front of it. Nice touch...keeps the food in a dark cold area, while conserving energy. But, Walmart just isn't my thing, and if the prices aren't cheaper, then off to Target I go!","['we checked this place out to compare prices to target and other grocery stores.', 'what i found....prices are essentially the same.', 'since i enjoy shopping at target so much more (it is my happy place!)', 'i will continue to shop at target and the grocery store closer to my house.', ""the good points....it is clean and well organized, and in the frozen section the lights don't come on unless you are standing in front of it."", 'nice touch...keeps the food in a dark cold area, while conserving energy.', ""but, walmart just isn't my thing, and if the prices aren't cheaper, then off to target i go!""]",7,20
934,Bronco Billy's Pizza,"We've only had Bronoc's once. We had it delivered, and it was average pizza. The sauce was too thick and too much tomato flavor, the crust was average as well. It tasted more like certain chain pizza stores that I avoid, but it is a step up from them since their cheese tasted better. But I am a major pizza addict (usually make my own) so I am very particular. Their customer service was good, and the pizza was hot when it arrived, but the taste just wasn't that great. It's been a while since we tried, maybe we'll try again sometime and see if it has improved.","[""we've only had bronoc's once."", 'we had it delivered, and it was average pizza.', 'the sauce was too thick and too much tomato flavor, the crust was average as well.', 'it tasted more like certain chain pizza stores that i avoid, but it is a step up from them since their cheese tasted better.', 'but i am a major pizza addict (usually make my own) so i am very particular.', ""their customer service was good, and the pizza was hot when it arrived, but the taste just wasn't that great."", ""it's been a while since we tried, maybe we'll try again sometime and see if it has improved.""]",7,10
935,Target,"Ok, so service isn't always the best. The workers can often be clueless and even rude. Luckily, I know Target very well, so I don't need these workers! I can find it myself! The cashiers are hit and miss. Sometimes they don't even mutter ""hello"", but whatever, I'm at Target. Yeah, it's my happy place. They always have fun stuff and great prices. Things are always well stocked (at least the workers have that part figured out). I can easily drop $100 here even though I just went in for toothpaste. How? It's one of the mysteries of the world, I suppose. So when I'm trying to save money, I don't go here! If I really need something, I do not, repeat, do not get a cart, but a basket! That way I can't fit much in my basket. 

I think Target is a girl thing. Guys don't really get it. But if you are a girl, you get it. It's Target.","[""ok, so service isn't always the best."", 'the workers can often be clueless and even rude.', ""luckily, i know target very well, so i don't need these workers!"", ""guys don't really get it."", 'but if you are a girl, you get it.', ""it's target.""]",19,40
936,Tokyo Lobby Sushi and Grill,"We've been to Tokoyo lobby twice. Both times were great. I'll start by saying I gave it four stars instead of five because it is small, small, small inside and the ambiance isn't fantastic. But the things you must do for good sushi! 

I can't recall for certain the name of our favorite roll, but I believe it was the Glendale roll. Deep fried goodness is all I can say! I know, it isn't traditional sushi, but I just can't do raw fish! Nuff said. We tried two other kinds which were good as well, but the deep fried goodness overshadowed the other ones and I have erased them from my memory. 

The pot stickers were ok, not fabulous. The green tea was great and came in cute little tea pots. I haven't had sake here and I don't know why, since I usually get sake. Guess I'd better head back for some more sake and sushi!","[""we've been to tokoyo lobby twice."", 'both times were great.', ""i'll start by saying i gave it four stars instead of five because it is small, small, small inside and the ambiance isn't fantastic."", 'but the things you must do for good sushi!', ""i can't recall for certain the name of our favorite roll, but i believe it was the glendale roll."", 'we tried two other kinds which were good as well, but the deep fried goodness overshadowed the other ones and i have erased them from my memory.', 'the pot stickers were ok, not fabulous.', 'the green tea was great and came in cute little tea pots.', ""i haven't had sake here and i don't know why, since i usually get sake."", ""guess i'd better head back for some more sake and sushi!""]",13,328
937,Vogue Bistro,"Vogue Bistro is by far the best restaurant in Surprise! Why, you ask? Oh so many reasons! Let's begin...

1) It is not a chain restaurant! It is locally owned by a well trained chef. 

2) The Food. Ok, maybe this should be number one, but with the dominance of chain restaurants in Surprise, I think it is important that it is not a chain. But the food is FANTASTIC. I haven't had a thing I didn't love. My favorite is the Vogue Burger. It's big, but not so enormous that you have no idea how to eat it. The toppings are perfect, not overwhelming, and the meat melts in your mouth. All that yumminess for only $8!! What a deal!  I've also had the sweet potatoe fries (make sure you ask for the dipping sauces), the garden panini, the chicken panini, and the chicken salad (yes, we've been there a few times!) All were fantastic. 

3) The alcohol. No, I am not an alcoholic, but this is worth mentioning! The drinks here are great. I usually get wine, while my hubby will get beer. Both lists are great and reasonably priced (a great white wine for $6/glass). Also, the martinis are fabulous. They shake and pour at your table and they have many specialties. But, what I love most about the martinis is that they are sweet, but not blast of sugar sweet. Often when you order a sweet martini you are blown away from the sweetness factor. Not here! They are just perfect.

4) It has very chic decor. Lots of outdoor seating which isn't great this time of year, but is fabulous when Arizona has nice weather. When does that happen again? Moving on...

5) The manager and owners are awesome. We haven't been there once that they didn't stop by for a chat.

6) It is local! I am a huge supporter of local businesses, which can be extremely challenging in Surprise. 

Ok, now for a couple minor negatives. These are not significant enough to drop the star rating, in my humble opinion. 

1) Sometimes the servers can be a bit lacking. I think this is because the restaurant is still new and still learning. So, we overlook it and instead take the extra time to enjoy good conversation. 

2) It can be crazy busy. I guess that isn't a bad thing necessarily, but we can be spur of the moment and decide to head to Vogue. Luckily we can usually find a seat at the bar and order there. 

So there you go. The best restaurant in Surprise....you will wonder what the heck it is doing in Surprise. It is more Scottsdale-like, but without the snobbiness (no offense to you Scottsdale folk!).","['vogue bistro is by far the best restaurant in surprise!', 'why, you ask?', 'oh so many reasons!', 'the best restaurant in surprise....you will wonder what the heck it is doing in surprise.', 'it is more scottsdale-like, but without the snobbiness (no offense to you scottsdale folk!', ').']",46,388
938,PetSmart,"Ok, normally I like to support local over big chains, but I've always had a good experience at this PetSmart. The cashiers are always friendly, the store is clean, and most of the time I can find what I need (minus one time they were out of vitamins). I wish they had more organic and natural products, but since I feed my dogs mostly fresh food, this isn't an issue. They have a great selection of holiday items, so I am looking forward to what they have this year! And I've had no problem returning items if I needed to. Plus, they have adoption drives!","[""ok, normally i like to support local over big chains, but i've always had a good experience at this petsmart."", 'the cashiers are always friendly, the store is clean, and most of the time i can find what i need (minus one time they were out of vitamins).', ""i wish they had more organic and natural products, but since i feed my dogs mostly fresh food, this isn't an issue."", 'they have a great selection of holiday items, so i am looking forward to what they have this year!', ""and i've had no problem returning items if i needed to."", 'plus, they have adoption drives!']",6,28
939,Sprouts Farmers Market,"We absolutely love Sprouts! We shop here almost exclusively (only at other stores for things that we can't get or the price is too high to justify...but that includes very few items). The produce is always fantastic (and cheap!!), then meat is so tasty and fresh, and the cheese....oh I just love the cheese section! The cheese is cheaper than what you will find at other grocery stores...we did a price comparison. I know when I shop at Sprouts I am not getting overly processed, full of preservatives. I am getting fresh food!! What a concept, huh? And the bulk section is fantastic. I love being able to buy spices and flour and anything else you can think of (especially the chocolate covered toffees!!) in just the amount I need. Then it is always fresh and I don't have to wonder how long I've had that dried rosemary! And, it is a local Arizona store, which makes me even happier.","['we absolutely love sprouts!', ""we shop here almost exclusively (only at other stores for things that we can't get or the price is too high to justify...but that includes very few items)."", 'the produce is always fantastic (and cheap!!', '), then meat is so tasty and fresh, and the cheese....oh i just love the cheese section!', 'the cheese is cheaper than what you will find at other grocery stores...we did a price comparison.', 'and the bulk section is fantastic.', 'i love being able to buy spices and flour and anything else you can think of (especially the chocolate covered toffees!!)', 'in just the amount i need.', ""then it is always fresh and i don't have to wonder how long i've had that dried rosemary!"", 'and, it is a local arizona store, which makes me even happier.']",13,78
940,Tomo Japanese Cuisine,"I went to Tomo with a very large group (around 18 folks, we had a reservation). Things didn't start out so good...the manager wanted all of us to pay cash because he didn't want to split the checks! After we explained that none of us had brought cash (seriously, who pays with cash anymore?) he left for a bit, and then came back and said we could split the check. So, I believe they were just being lazy, since they ended up splitting the check anyway. If they had wanted us to pay with cash, they should have informed us when we made the reservations! Poor management. Overall the serves did a good job though after this incident. 

Moving along to the food. The green tea was unlike other green tea that I have had. It had a nutty taste to it that I didn't care for. Perhaps that is more authentic? I don't know, but it wasn't what I was expecting, and didn't drink it. The miso soup was excellent and brought out fairly quickly. Hubby and I shared the gyoza and the spider sushi. The gyoza was crunchy, but not too crunchy, and came in a boat. Nice presentation. The sushi was good too. Nothing out of this world, but good. Another person with us had a noodle dish that looked great. It had scallops, mussels, and shrimp. I didn't try it though, so can't say for sure. And the hot sake was great. Always good to have hot sake with my sushi. And to finish it all off...the green tea ice cream. Now this was delicious, and my favorite part of the evening! Nice and creamy, not overly sweet, but just sweet enough. 

Bottom line: Don't go with large groups unless you have cash, sushi is ok, but the green tea ice cream is worth the trip.","['i went to tomo with a very large group (around 18 folks, we had a reservation).', ""things didn't start out so good...the manager wanted all of us to pay cash because he didn't want to split the checks!"", 'after we explained that none of us had brought cash (seriously, who pays with cash anymore?)', 'now this was delicious, and my favorite part of the evening!', 'nice and creamy, not overly sweet, but just sweet enough.', ""bottom line: don't go with large groups unless you have cash, sushi is ok, but the green tea ice cream is worth the trip.""]",28,359
941,PRO Motorcycle Repair,"He did good work on my SV650 ABS, General maintenance and handle bar conversion.  Planning on getting more work done in the future.","['he did good work on my sv650 abs, general maintenance and handle bar conversion.', 'planning on getting more work done in the future.']",2,7
942,Best Foot Spa,"Not for me.  They sit you on a recliner, wet your feet while massaging your head (felt like they were shampooing me) -- very uncomfortable position for my back.    Then the masseusse asks you to turn over while fully reclining the chair and works your back with the elbows.   I did not like it at all, felt like it was too rough on me and am already showing a couple of bruises.  I paid $36 for the 1 hour including 30 minutes back massage.   Too loud, no privacy, cells ringing, employees talking in a foreign language, just too disturbing and I also have a headache now.  I am an expert on Swedish and Thai massages, on a massage table with the masseuse using her hands and a complete silent environment but this was a far cry from relaxing.  The masseusse was a sweet lady but the experience was not good at all","['not for me.', 'they sit you on a recliner, wet your feet while massaging your head (felt like they were shampooing me) -- very uncomfortable position for my back.', 'then the masseusse asks you to turn over while fully reclining the chair and works your back with the elbows.', 'i did not like it at all, felt like it was too rough on me and am already showing a couple of bruises.', 'i paid $36 for the 1 hour including 30 minutes back massage.', 'too loud, no privacy, cells ringing, employees talking in a foreign language, just too disturbing and i also have a headache now.', 'i am an expert on swedish and thai massages, on a massage table with the masseuse using her hands and a complete silent environment but this was a far cry from relaxing.', 'the masseusse was a sweet lady but the experience was not good at all']",8,450
943,Cafe Rio,"This place is a train wreck. The owner and management should be embarrassed to have such an under trained staff. Also the quality of food is all over the place, sometimes good and sometimes horrible. It's really sad how often we go someplace else just because of the low quality and horrible costumer service when it could all be fixed so easily. Boooooo","['this place is a train wreck.', 'the owner and management should be embarrassed to have such an under trained staff.', 'also the quality of food is all over the place, sometimes good and sometimes horrible.', ""it's really sad how often we go someplace else just because of the low quality and horrible costumer service when it could all be fixed so easily."", 'boooooo']",5,160
944,Absolute Appliance Services,Just had a great experience with Ronald. He showed right when they said he would and told us exactly what was wrong with our oven. Very fair price in a very timely manner also extremely polite and friendly. Like all the other reviews I highly recommend Absolute and will call them any time I need a appliance repaired.,"['just had a great experience with ronald.', 'he showed right when they said he would and told us exactly what was wrong with our oven.', 'very fair price in a very timely manner also extremely polite and friendly.', 'like all the other reviews i highly recommend absolute and will call them any time i need a appliance repaired.']",4,301
945,Vape Street Las Vegas,Vape street is the hottest stop to vape at in Vegas good looking out on mods and juices thanks vape street lv,['vape street is the hottest stop to vape at in vegas good looking out on mods and juices thanks vape street lv'],1,202
946,Sahuaro's Taco Shop,"Awesome taco shop! Great food, very clean, and really friendly staff. Lengua, pastor, asada, and tripas tacos very delicious!! Will definitely come back.","['awesome taco shop!', 'great food, very clean, and really friendly staff.', 'lengua, pastor, asada, and tripas tacos very delicious!!', 'will definitely come back.']",4,77
947,Laurier Restaurant,"Staying at Best Western and just wanted to walk to find a neighborhood restaurant. Turned down 7th street and found Laurier. I has their special of cod, three shrimp, mashed potatoes and veggies. My dinner was excellent. My husband has a lobster ravioli and loved his dinner. Our creme brle was outstanding. The service by Milan (?) was of the most outstanding. We are going back.","['staying at best western and just wanted to walk to find a neighborhood restaurant.', 'turned down 7th street and found laurier.', 'i has their special of cod, three shrimp, mashed potatoes and veggies.', 'my dinner was excellent.', 'my husband has a lobster ravioli and loved his dinner.', 'our creme brle was outstanding.', 'the service by milan (?)', 'was of the most outstanding.', 'we are going back.']",9,58
948,Stike's Cleaners,"when i called them and asked for the rate they mentioned it as 1.95 but they charged me 4.50 for each shirt,which is so ridiculous..and the lady over the counter is not even answering my question which is so irritaing..","['when i called them and asked for the rate they mentioned it as 1.95 but they charged me 4.50 for each shirt,which is so ridiculous..and the lady over the counter is not even answering my question which is so irritaing..']",1,4
949,Discount Cab,Used them for twice to take us to airport. Booked online the day before. morning 0700 and Muktar was on time both times. Car seat was in back. No chitchat all business. Perfect.,"['used them for twice to take us to airport.', 'booked online the day before.', 'morning 0700 and muktar was on time both times.', 'car seat was in back.', 'no chitchat all business.', 'perfect.']",6,83
950,Saiki Japanese Restaurant,"STAY AWAY!!  The food was absolutely some of the worst I've eaten.  There is nothing Japanese about the cuisine.  Meat either overcooked or heated in a microwave.  Steak, chicken and shrimp with rubber consistency.  Vegetables overcooked.  Sushi didn't appear to be fresh.......Everything thrown in the garbage.  Wasted money!!","['stay away!!', ""the food was absolutely some of the worst i've eaten."", 'there is nothing japanese about the cuisine.', 'meat either overcooked or heated in a microwave.', 'steak, chicken and shrimp with rubber consistency.', 'vegetables overcooked.', ""sushi didn't appear to be fresh.......everything thrown in the garbage."", 'wasted money!', '!']",9,10
951,Salvatore's Tomato Pies,"One of the best restaurants in Dane county and certainly the best restaurant in Sun Prairie. Friendly staff, charming space, and extensive menu.  Respect for ingredients is paramount. Always a good choice.","['one of the best restaurants in dane county and certainly the best restaurant in sun prairie.', 'friendly staff, charming space, and extensive menu.', 'respect for ingredients is paramount.', 'always a good choice.']",4,81
952,Reuben's Deli & Steakhouse,The steak is really good here and I have to come back once again before I finished my trip in Montreal.,['the steak is really good here and i have to come back once again before i finished my trip in montreal.'],1,444
953,Komol Restaurant,"got take out. nothing to write home about. i guess everything is relative, but this food was less than mediocre... sorry.","['got take out.', 'nothing to write home about.', 'i guess everything is relative, but this food was less than mediocre... sorry.']",3,731
954,Tremont Taphouse,"The food was AMAZING! I got the steak ""hand-held"" with a homemade bleu cheese sauce. It was unbelievable and the beer selection was great. If you get Mac and cheese and like heat, try adding just a touch of siracha sauce, two-thumbs up. The plates were moderately priced but a little steep if you were expecting pub prices, $14 for my sandwich. Good for me though I had bet my friend before we went in about the quality of food and I WON!! the food was great, wish I had a local bar like that in my neighborhood","['the food was amazing!', 'i got the steak ""hand-held"" with a homemade bleu cheese sauce.', 'it was unbelievable and the beer selection was great.', 'if you get mac and cheese and like heat, try adding just a touch of siracha sauce, two-thumbs up.', 'the plates were moderately priced but a little steep if you were expecting pub prices, $14 for my sandwich.', 'good for me though i had bet my friend before we went in about the quality of food and i won!!', 'the food was great, wish i had a local bar like that in my neighborhood']",7,405
955,Diablo's Cantina,Giving a star cause I have too. Sat for 15 min and wasn't even acknowledged. I told the manager and it seemed like he didn't care. I got out of there. Horrible customer service.,"['giving a star cause i have too.', ""sat for 15 min and wasn't even acknowledged."", ""i told the manager and it seemed like he didn't care."", 'i got out of there.', 'horrible customer service.']",5,1136
956,Structube,"Truly the most horrific customer service I have EVER experienced in retail. Their return policy is horrible, everyone in the store acts like you are inconveniencing them by being there, and their store manager was so incredibly rude and unhelpful. I bought three expensive pieces of furniture for my new home, and every single one of them was broken in the box or was not constructed properly to put together. I will never shop here again.","['truly the most horrific customer service i have ever experienced in retail.', 'their return policy is horrible, everyone in the store acts like you are inconveniencing them by being there, and their store manager was so incredibly rude and unhelpful.', 'i bought three expensive pieces of furniture for my new home, and every single one of them was broken in the box or was not constructed properly to put together.', 'i will never shop here again.']",4,19
957,Ping Pong Thai Restaurant,I saw the reviews and came to this place Idk If these people ever ate good Thai food but this was the worst Thai food we ever had..the meat and veggies were stale no wonder they were so quick..,['i saw the reviews and came to this place idk if these people ever ate good thai food but this was the worst thai food we ever had..the meat and veggies were stale no wonder they were so quick..'],1,241
958,Armstrong's Restaurant,Nice place for casual Italian. Food is always good and they give you massive portions. All the staff have always been really friendly and quick with service.,"['nice place for casual italian.', 'food is always good and they give you massive portions.', 'all the staff have always been really friendly and quick with service.']",3,119
959,Papaya Thai Cuisine & Sushi Bar,"The food is good. The service has never been slow for us. It's great Pad Thai, Curries, etc. If you're looking for Thai food, and you're in Robinson, this is it.","['the food is good.', 'the service has never been slow for us.', ""it's great pad thai, curries, etc."", ""if you're looking for thai food, and you're in robinson, this is it.""]",4,90
960,Kiyoshi,"Kiyoshi is always a good place if you're in the mood for sushi. Place is nice if you go in person, or they deliver which is even better. We've always had excellent food from them.","[""kiyoshi is always a good place if you're in the mood for sushi."", 'place is nice if you go in person, or they deliver which is even better.', ""we've always had excellent food from them.""]",3,76
961,Ichiban,"This was ok. Not great but not horrible either. The sushi is good for a sushi fix, but I don't think it's as fresh as Saga normally is. The service was bad. I'm sure it was our section or something. But two tables that were seated after us were served before us. We're not that picky so it didn't bother us too bad, but it was at least 10 minutes before we got drinks. Other than that, if you're looking for a chain sushi place to get some ok food that will hold you over then this is good for that.","['this was ok. not great but not horrible either.', ""the sushi is good for a sushi fix, but i don't think it's as fresh as saga normally is."", 'the service was bad.', ""i'm sure it was our section or something."", 'but two tables that were seated after us were served before us.', ""we're not that picky so it didn't bother us too bad, but it was at least 10 minutes before we got drinks."", ""other than that, if you're looking for a chain sushi place to get some ok food that will hold you over then this is good for that.""]",7,84
962,Pizza Roma,This place has been a fantastic find for us in Moon! Pizza is awesome. Better than the other options around here. Same with the other pasta dishes. We would highly recommend this place. Delivery is quick. We've always been happy!,"['this place has been a fantastic find for us in moon!', 'pizza is awesome.', 'better than the other options around here.', 'same with the other pasta dishes.', 'we would highly recommend this place.', 'delivery is quick.', ""we've always been happy!""]",7,20
963,Selma's Texas Barbeque,"Selma's is really good, not BBQ pit-masters great, but very good for Pittsburgh. The pulled pork is fantastic. I highly recommend the Big Pig Wrangler (add a hot sausage to the pulled pork sandwich)! I see other reviews looking for BBQ perfection and this isn't it. But if you're craving some BBQ and living or visiting here in Pittsburgh, this place will do the trick.","[""selma's is really good, not bbq pit-masters great, but very good for pittsburgh."", 'the pulled pork is fantastic.', 'i highly recommend the big pig wrangler (add a hot sausage to the pulled pork sandwich)!', ""i see other reviews looking for bbq perfection and this isn't it."", ""but if you're craving some bbq and living or visiting here in pittsburgh, this place will do the trick.""]",5,80
964,Eggs N'at,"This is my favorite place to eat real breakfast. No fake eggs. No garbage Sysco food. They have excellent pancakes and change them up throughout the seasons. The owner is fantastic. The food is fantastic. What else can I say!? The only bad thing is if you're not there early, prepare to wait because its tiny inside and everyone wants to eat there.","['this is my favorite place to eat real breakfast.', 'no fake eggs.', 'no garbage sysco food.', 'they have excellent pancakes and change them up throughout the seasons.', 'the owner is fantastic.', 'the food is fantastic.', 'what else can i say!?', ""the only bad thing is if you're not there early, prepare to wait because its tiny inside and everyone wants to eat there.""]",8,174
965,Pizza Decasa,"I can't believe there's no other reviews on here for Hometown! This is the best pizza in the Moon area period. They are the go-to for us when we want awesome pizza. We do like some of the other options around here as well, but Hometown Pizza is by far the family favorite.","[""i can't believe there's no other reviews on here for hometown!"", 'this is the best pizza in the moon area period.', 'they are the go-to for us when we want awesome pizza.', 'we do like some of the other options around here as well, but hometown pizza is by far the family favorite.']",4,29
966,Advantage Auto Glass,These guys are awesome very nice and polite. Found out that last time I replaced my windshield through safelite they had broke the trim panels never told me about it ( I had gone to them on 4 separate  occasions all 4 times there was always something wrong). The guys here at advantage pointed it out to me and got me some new ones and put them on for me. Can't say enough good things about advantage not pushy in anyway nice and quick will be taking my car to them for now on. And I will be telling friends and family about them. Thanks again guys!,"['these guys are awesome very nice and polite.', 'found out that last time i replaced my windshield through safelite they had broke the trim panels never told me about it ( i had gone to them on 4 separate  occasions all 4 times there was always something wrong).', 'the guys here at advantage pointed it out to me and got me some new ones and put them on for me.', ""can't say enough good things about advantage not pushy in anyway nice and quick will be taking my car to them for now on."", 'and i will be telling friends and family about them.', 'thanks again guys!']",6,55
967,Lady Jane's Haircuts for Men,"Been here a couple times now. I always have Dany cut my hair she is awesome very nice and easy to talk to and she knows what she is doing. I trust her 100% with my hair. Everyone that works here is great, everyone is nice makes for a great atmosphere. I live all the way in east Mesa it's worth the drive to come all the way to Lady Janes in Chandler.","['been here a couple times now.', 'i always have dany cut my hair she is awesome very nice and easy to talk to and she knows what she is doing.', 'i trust her 100% with my hair.', 'everyone that works here is great, everyone is nice makes for a great atmosphere.', ""i live all the way in east mesa it's worth the drive to come all the way to lady janes in chandler.""]",5,38
968,Studio 3-26,"Studio 3-26 was a great salon for my 13 year old niece! She wanted to go short and that's exactly what she received! Karen was her stylist and she was phenomenal! Very welcoming and sweet towards my niece! However, when we walked in another stylist was dying her hair and her kids and significant other were receiving haircuts from here when clients were waiting. A bit of time passed and all of a sudden another stylist started to fix his own hair up. So at this time, 2 stylists were doing their own hair. As time goes on, the male stylist starts to smoke his E-Vape IN THE STUDIO!!! The work they do is quite incredible, however they need to work on professionalism.","['studio 3-26 was a great salon for my 13 year old niece!', ""she wanted to go short and that's exactly what she received!"", 'karen was her stylist and she was phenomenal!', 'very welcoming and sweet towards my niece!', 'however, when we walked in another stylist was dying her hair and her kids and significant other were receiving haircuts from here when clients were waiting.', 'a bit of time passed and all of a sudden another stylist started to fix his own hair up.', 'so at this time, 2 stylists were doing their own hair.', 'as time goes on, the male stylist starts to smoke his e-vape in the studio!!!', 'the work they do is quite incredible, however they need to work on professionalism.']",9,31
969,CrosleyGolf - Golf Instruction,The most excellent golf instructor is Shane Crosley. His goal is to make you the best golfer you can be. Within one lesson you'll be able to see an improvement in your game. Since I've been working with Shane I have improved every part of my game from driving to putting. He can help in anything you need to work on. Shane has great teaching  techniques that will help help fix anything.  Shane has been the BEST  addition to my game. He could be part of yours too.,"['the most excellent golf instructor is shane crosley.', 'his goal is to make you the best golfer you can be.', ""within one lesson you'll be able to see an improvement in your game."", ""since i've been working with shane i have improved every part of my game from driving to putting."", 'he can help in anything you need to work on.', 'shane has great teaching  techniques that will help help fix anything.', 'shane has been the best  addition to my game.', 'he could be part of yours too.']",8,3
970,Ahnala Mesquite Room,"Out of convenience while staying at the Wekopa hotel, my wife and I dined at the Ahnala Mesquite Room thinking it a risk based on some negative Yelp reviews.  My wife had the Halibut and I had the Filet Mignon we both found our meals delicious, flavorful with a flair, and served hot!   The artisanal dinner rolls were piping hot and we particularly enjoyed the seeded rolls.  My Filet was well seasoned and covered with blue cheese crumbles that I crave.  The hollandaise sauce for the Filet and asparagus was a nice addition.  If you are nearby, take a risk but know that our gamble paid out a jackpot of a meal.","['out of convenience while staying at the wekopa hotel, my wife and i dined at the ahnala mesquite room thinking it a risk based on some negative yelp reviews.', 'my wife had the halibut and i had the filet mignon we both found our meals delicious, flavorful with a flair, and served hot!', 'the artisanal dinner rolls were piping hot and we particularly enjoyed the seeded rolls.', 'my filet was well seasoned and covered with blue cheese crumbles that i crave.', 'the hollandaise sauce for the filet and asparagus was a nice addition.', 'if you are nearby, take a risk but know that our gamble paid out a jackpot of a meal.']",6,44
971,William Tricker Inc Water Gardens,"What a disappointment!  Bought a water lily on Mother's Day and it's not growing.  When I called about the guarantee, was told I never should have planted it that early so the guarantee is void.  When I bought the lily, specifically asked the clerk if it was OK to plant that day and he said it was.  Now they won't replace the plant because I should have known not to plant so early.  Tricker's, really?   They're living up to their name.","['what a disappointment!', ""bought a water lily on mother's day and it's not growing."", 'when i called about the guarantee, was told i never should have planted it that early so the guarantee is void.', 'when i bought the lily, specifically asked the clerk if it was ok to plant that day and he said it was.', ""now they won't replace the plant because i should have known not to plant so early."", ""tricker's, really?"", ""they're living up to their name.""]",7,3
972,La Babie Nails & Spa,"Absolute worst nail salon experience of my life, I will never go back. I urge everyone to choose a different place to get their nails done for the following reasons; firstly she gouged my cuticle super deep as soon as I got there, it was bleeding profusely, dripping down my arm and onto the counter (which she didn't clean up the whole time) and her response to this was to give me a curt ""oops"" then squeeze rubbing alcohol directly onto the cut. Next I told her I wanted the shape to be between almond and stiletto (so pretty pointy but on the shorter side) as I'm watching her file my nails I have no idea what she's doing; she finishes and they're all oval. After phrasing it about six different ways she finally got that I wanted the tips sharper which prompted her to roll her eyes and say ""that's not almond"" uh yes it is. As she was refiling them she messes one of them up and has to take the whole nail off and start again from scratch! The whole time she kept forgetting about the open wound on my hand and would buff and file right over it (which hurt like a bitch) which caused it to rip open again bleed more, I barely even got an apology. Next was the colour fiasco, upon arrival I had chosen a lilac colour with a light pink for the accent nails, she paints the ring fingers first then when it's time to move on the lilac she discovers that it's dried up so she gets up grabs a totally different purple off of the shelf and just starts painting, I grabbed my hand back and asked if I could choose a different colour which prompted an explanation about how the lilac was old, which I already understood I just wanted to choose something totally different. So she throws the chip wheel at me and says ""hurry up"" now I was already at the point of trying not to scream or walk out before and that almost tipped me over the edge (she even pointed out how I was sweating, well yeah I'm trying really hard to not have a freak out) so I pick out my other colour, a grey, so she goes to retrieve it, she comes back starts to paint my nail and it's an orange colour?!? I ask about it and she replies ""oh that colour was discontinued this one is the same number though"" can somebody please explain to me how that makes sense. Yet again I ask to pick a different colour which got a similar response as the first time, finally I pick out a different grey and she finishes painting them. Once that was done she refiles my nails after the polish was already applied(?!) I almost asked to speak to the manager after it was all done but I just wanted to get the hell out of there so I settled up (it cost about $20 more than the usual place I go) this whole time I was perfectly polite and externally calm I even tipped her a little bit because as a server I know what it's like to rely on tips. I only went because this place had such good Yelp reviews, so I feel as if it's my duty to save anyone else considering this place it's worth 0 stars and as a veteran of acrylic nails I know when things aren't right. As a bonus not even two weeks later I had a nail break off, ridiculous.","['absolute worst nail salon experience of my life, i will never go back.', 'i urge everyone to choose a different place to get their nails done for the following reasons; firstly she gouged my cuticle super deep as soon as i got there, it was bleeding profusely, dripping down my arm and onto the counter (which she didn\'t clean up the whole time) and her response to this was to give me a curt ""oops"" then squeeze rubbing alcohol directly onto the cut.', ""next i told her i wanted the shape to be between almond and stiletto (so pretty pointy but on the shorter side) as i'm watching her file my nails i have no idea what she's doing; she finishes and they're all oval."", 'after phrasing it about six different ways she finally got that i wanted the tips sharper which prompted her to roll her eyes and say ""that\'s not almond"" uh yes it is.', 'as she was refiling them she messes one of them up and has to take the whole nail off and start again from scratch!', 'yet again i ask to pick a different colour which got a similar response as the first time, finally i pick out a different grey and she finishes painting them.', 'once that was done she refiles my nails after the polish was already applied(?!)', ""i almost asked to speak to the manager after it was all done but i just wanted to get the hell out of there so i settled up (it cost about $20 more than the usual place i go) this whole time i was perfectly polite and externally calm i even tipped her a little bit because as a server i know what it's like to rely on tips."", ""i only went because this place had such good yelp reviews, so i feel as if it's my duty to save anyone else considering this place it's worth 0 stars and as a veteran of acrylic nails i know when things aren't right."", 'as a bonus not even two weeks later i had a nail break off, ridiculous.']",14,17
973,Clever Koi,Excellent food and service very friendly servers would seriously recommend the tuna chips and soft buns.,['excellent food and service very friendly servers would seriously recommend the tuna chips and soft buns.'],1,774
974,The Sugar Bay,The desserts were OK. The thing I doubted was they said they serve desserts with fresh fruit but my mango sago tasted like frozen mango. It's was sweet but I can tell from the texture of the mango that it's frozen before.,"['the desserts were ok. the thing i doubted was they said they serve desserts with fresh fruit but my mango sago tasted like frozen mango.', ""it's was sweet but i can tell from the texture of the mango that it's frozen before.""]",2,12
975,Buffalo Exchange,"Found the best scarf of my LIFE here! Which I've since lost, but everytime I'm in Phoenix or Wherever there's a Buffalo Exchange I like to stop in just for fun!","['found the best scarf of my life here!', ""which i've since lost, but everytime i'm in phoenix or wherever there's a buffalo exchange i like to stop in just for fun!""]",2,168
976,Corner Store,"Very clean and I love the snack/food options. Makes it an easy stop for road trips. I just so happened to buy something a month past expiration so that was a little disappointing, but I guess it's my own fault for not checking. Other than that I have no complaints.","['very clean and i love the snack/food options.', 'makes it an easy stop for road trips.', ""i just so happened to buy something a month past expiration so that was a little disappointing, but i guess it's my own fault for not checking."", 'other than that i have no complaints.']",4,9
977,Joe's Farm Grill,Good food and the manager there rocks. She walked around and made it a point to talk to everyone. The building however can get a little crowded but it's a hotspot for Gilbert so it's to be expected. Overall it's a cute place to take the family!,"['good food and the manager there rocks.', 'she walked around and made it a point to talk to everyone.', ""the building however can get a little crowded but it's a hotspot for gilbert so it's to be expected."", ""overall it's a cute place to take the family!""]",4,1884
978,Arizona Animal Wellness Center,The technicians are all very kind and friendly. The building is spacious and clean. I always get my puppy's nails trimmed here and I haven't been disappointed. Would recommend!,"['the technicians are all very kind and friendly.', 'the building is spacious and clean.', ""i always get my puppy's nails trimmed here and i haven't been disappointed."", 'would recommend!']",4,154
979,Sudden Impact Auto Body & Collision Repair Specialists,"What appeared to be a minor fender bender turned into a bit more. I originally took my vehicle to the insurance company recommended collision 'experts' and was told it would be $600.00. Figuring this was ridiculously low I took it to Sudden where they concluded the damage was more extensive and proved it to the insurance company (over $2000). They treated me how a customer should be with patience, respect and excellent service...from taking me to the car rental company and waiting until I had the key in my hand to a excellent repair with a extra repair throw in at no charge.","['what appeared to be a minor fender bender turned into a bit more.', ""i originally took my vehicle to the insurance company recommended collision 'experts' and was told it would be $600.00."", 'figuring this was ridiculously low i took it to sudden where they concluded the damage was more extensive and proved it to the insurance company (over $2000).', 'they treated me how a customer should be with patience, respect and excellent service...from taking me to the car rental company and waiting until i had the key in my hand to a excellent repair with a extra repair throw in at no charge.']",4,74
980,Steiner's,Went with my daughter tonight and was refused due to her under the age of 21. Both employees were very gracious in explaining the NV law and offered for us to wait in the foyer if we wanted something to go (which we didn't). A few other reviews mention the smoky atmosphere which it true but again not there fault since that's there decision on how they have licensed there business. Vegas could use a family friendly Stieners because there food is consistently excellent (on all my previous visits).,"[""went with my daughter tonight and was refused due to her under the age of 21. both employees were very gracious in explaining the nv law and offered for us to wait in the foyer if we wanted something to go (which we didn't)."", ""a few other reviews mention the smoky atmosphere which it true but again not there fault since that's there decision on how they have licensed there business."", 'vegas could use a family friendly stieners because there food is consistently excellent (on all my previous visits).']",3,121
981,On The Border Mexican Grill & Cantina,If you want a good Margarita you will love this place and their Guac live is really good too....I agree with the other the food needs some help but if you like Margarita's and Chips and Salsa this is the place to go...,"[""if you want a good margarita you will love this place and their guac live is really good too....i agree with the other the food needs some help but if you like margarita's and chips and salsa this is the place to go...""]",1,249
982,Bambini's Pizzeria Rotisserie,"One night i was craving pizza ""chicago style"" and remembered driving by this pizza place and it had recently opened.  There were quite a few cars there so i decided to stop and give it a try.  It is very nicely decorated, staff greeted us right away.  There are TV's in each booth so you feel like your at home.  The Pizza was to die for, we absolutely loved it and it is now our weekly stop.  You won't be disappointed!","['one night i was craving pizza ""chicago style"" and remembered driving by this pizza place and it had recently opened.', 'there were quite a few cars there so i decided to stop and give it a try.', 'it is very nicely decorated, staff greeted us right away.', ""there are tv's in each booth so you feel like your at home."", 'the pizza was to die for, we absolutely loved it and it is now our weekly stop.', ""you won't be disappointed!""]",6,79
983,Smoothie King,"This was the worst Smoothie i have ever had....runny, no flavor and overpriced for what you get... Don't bother...Save your money!!!!","[""this was the worst smoothie i have ever had....runny, no flavor and overpriced for what you get... don't bother...save your money!!!"", '!']",2,81
984,Pacific Buffet,"I  recently wanted to go to a buffet and decided to try Pacific Buffet it had recently opened in our area...i was surprised on how many different food options were at the buffet, and the food was good.  You should give it a try you won't be disappointed.","['i  recently wanted to go to a buffet and decided to try pacific buffet it had recently opened in our area...i was surprised on how many different food options were at the buffet, and the food was good.', ""you should give it a try you won't be disappointed.""]",2,10
985,Rod Works,"I LOVE THIS STORE !!! If you love to decorate this is the store for you, they have such a variety, and so much to choose from you spend alot of time in there because you know your going to miss something!  Very good prices too...Have fun","['i love this store !!!', 'if you love to decorate this is the store for you, they have such a variety, and so much to choose from you spend alot of time in there because you know your going to miss something!', 'very good prices too...have fun']",3,30
986,Michaels,"My daughter and I love this place. Let me say that again: we LOVE this place.  It is the coolest thing since frozen yogurt.  I just found out there are different classes, and the latest one is cake decorating.  Never in my mind did I see myself use fondant...but here I am now.  I've make flowers, animals, and figurines.  And it's not just a one day course.  It's once a week for several weeks.  They start you out on basics and each week the techniques get more difficult.  The fondant days are the last days.  I can't wait until my next class!","['my daughter and i love this place.', 'let me say that again: we love this place.', 'it is the coolest thing since frozen yogurt.', 'i just found out there are different classes, and the latest one is cake decorating.', 'never in my mind did i see myself use fondant...but here i am now.', ""and it's not just a one day course."", ""it's once a week for several weeks."", 'they start you out on basics and each week the techniques get more difficult.', 'the fondant days are the last days.', ""i can't wait until my next class!""]",11,51
987,Big Dog's Draft House,"I have been going to the Draft House for many years and have always enjoyed the food and the experience, but lately the food hasn't been that good and the new staff in the dining room has alot to be desired.  They were unattentive, gave us the wrong check, had to beg for a drink refill, and were pre-occupied with something else going on...not a good experience...very disappointed","[""i have been going to the draft house for many years and have always enjoyed the food and the experience, but lately the food hasn't been that good and the new staff in the dining room has alot to be desired."", 'they were unattentive, gave us the wrong check, had to beg for a drink refill, and were pre-occupied with something else going on...not a good experience...very disappointed']",2,425
988,Mr Antenna USA,Get this!!!  Wow Karlo is amazing and best customer service you could ask for. He installed the antenna and set up all our tv's along with excellent detail explanations and conversation. We will be having my moms house done now next week also. The recoup savings from not having cable is only a few months. Already feels like we are saving money.,"['get this!!!', 'wow karlo is amazing and best customer service you could ask for.', ""he installed the antenna and set up all our tv's along with excellent detail explanations and conversation."", 'we will be having my moms house done now next week also.', 'the recoup savings from not having cable is only a few months.', 'already feels like we are saving money.']",6,44
989,Crowne Dental,Best dental place ever they are so nice and when I told them my teeth were sensitive they paid attention and did a fantastic job. Our entire family goes there and I would highly recommend going there they take all types of insurance. I am the biggest chicken when it comes to going to the dentist and they made the experience wonderful.,"['best dental place ever they are so nice and when i told them my teeth were sensitive they paid attention and did a fantastic job.', 'our entire family goes there and i would highly recommend going there they take all types of insurance.', 'i am the biggest chicken when it comes to going to the dentist and they made the experience wonderful.']",3,53
990,Best Mattress,Working with Shawna was great she was able to narrow down what we had no clue of what we wanted and we had to choose between three and absolutely loved and are enjoying our new bed. We never realized the sleep would be so much better. We would highly suggest going there.,"['working with shawna was great she was able to narrow down what we had no clue of what we wanted and we had to choose between three and absolutely loved and are enjoying our new bed.', 'we never realized the sleep would be so much better.', 'we would highly suggest going there.']",3,76
991,Echo & Rig,Best bacon lettuce tomato sandwich ever services beyond great. We really enjoy sitting out on the patio in the open air. Lunch today there was great be sure if you're going to dinner there to make reservations.,"['best bacon lettuce tomato sandwich ever services beyond great.', 'we really enjoy sitting out on the patio in the open air.', ""lunch today there was great be sure if you're going to dinner there to make reservations.""]",3,2169
992,Egg Works,Food was great service was excellent love coming hereand definitely will be coming back.,['food was great service was excellent love coming hereand definitely will be coming back.'],1,446
993,Vince Neil's Tatuado EAT DRINK PARTY,Went there Friday evening. Food and service was excellent and presented better than most other celebrity restaurants. The karaoke mc made the place even more fun. We are locals and will go back. Btw thank you for no parking fees for anyone,"['went there friday evening.', 'food and service was excellent and presented better than most other celebrity restaurants.', 'the karaoke mc made the place even more fun.', 'we are locals and will go back.', 'btw thank you for no parking fees for anyone']",5,358
994,Men's Wearhouse,"Had such a great experience at Men's Wearhouse. When we walked in, we were greeted by the manager who was very attentive and paid attention to what we were looking for. He left us alone when we were browsing and helped when we were looking for sizes. 
His name was Jeffrey Demoure and was great. 
When he found out that my husband  was a police officer he very respectfully shook his hand and thanked him for his service. When we cheeked out, Jeffery gave us a discount for my husband's service. It was really sweet and we will ABSOLUTELY go back again","[""had such a great experience at men's wearhouse."", 'when we walked in, we were greeted by the manager who was very attentive and paid attention to what we were looking for.', 'he left us alone when we were browsing and helped when we were looking for sizes.', 'his name was jeffrey demoure and was great.', 'when he found out that my husband  was a police officer he very respectfully shook his hand and thanked him for his service.', ""when we cheeked out, jeffery gave us a discount for my husband's service."", 'it was really sweet and we will absolutely go back again']",7,62
995,StorageOne Decatur & Alta,Larry and Akilah are wonderful to deal with. They are professional and friendly. When moving it became apparent that we were going to need an additional unit. I called Larry when the moving guys were just about done loading the truck. I ran over there before the truck arrived. Larry had all the paperwork ready and I had lock and keys in hand as the truck arrived. Larry and Akilah made a stressful situation much better.,"['larry and akilah are wonderful to deal with.', 'they are professional and friendly.', 'when moving it became apparent that we were going to need an additional unit.', 'i called larry when the moving guys were just about done loading the truck.', 'i ran over there before the truck arrived.', 'larry had all the paperwork ready and i had lock and keys in hand as the truck arrived.', 'larry and akilah made a stressful situation much better.']",7,3
996,Yupha's Thai Kitchen,"I came here for lunch after reading previous reviews, and now I'm hooked! I come here at least twice a week now and love the salad and soup bar, as well as the red curry. Delicious!","[""i came here for lunch after reading previous reviews, and now i'm hooked!"", 'i come here at least twice a week now and love the salad and soup bar, as well as the red curry.', 'delicious!']",3,597
997,Au Pied de Cochon,"I was on a business trip in Montreal and I made reservations for dinner 2 weeks prior. This was my first visit to APDC and the place was just buzzing with energy and the sweet smell of pork. Order the bison tongue as an appy and it was outstanding.  My friend had the seared foie gras and he kept rolling his eyes in delight. The bottle of wine was a beautiful Cote du  Rhone Quartz which paried very well with the meal.  For main, I had the maple pig's foot.  The presentation is shocking... the whole trotter in a cast iron pot with all the trimmings.  The taste was insane.  Skin was sweet and crunchy while the meat was juicy and savory.  The mash potato at the bottom soaked up all the essence from the dish. Very indulgent.  Brought 2 cans of duck in a can and flew them back to Vancouver.  Split one can the next night with 4 senior citizens and they were very impressed.  Gave the other one to a friend and she had hers 2 days later and it was still amazing.  Verdict:  These cans do travel so long as you keep them cold.  They are good for at least 3 days.  How do they stuff all the duck and foie gras with all the tirmmings in a small can?","['i was on a business trip in montreal and i made reservations for dinner 2 weeks prior.', 'this was my first visit to apdc and the place was just buzzing with energy and the sweet smell of pork.', 'order the bison tongue as an appy and it was outstanding.', 'verdict:  these cans do travel so long as you keep them cold.', 'they are good for at least 3 days.', 'how do they stuff all the duck and foie gras with all the tirmmings in a small can?']",17,1097
998,Kenzo Ramen,"I'm from Vancouver and have tasted all the ramen shops from Kintaro to Sanpachi.  Vancouver provides a wide array of ramen shops within a 1 mile radius within the downtown area.  While on a business trip in Toronto, I went in Kenzo for a late night bite and ordered the Tonkotsu ramen.  The noodles were cooked perfectly and the soup was steaming hot and had lots of death.  It was every bit as good as the Vancouver ramen shops.  Very impressed.","[""i'm from vancouver and have tasted all the ramen shops from kintaro to sanpachi."", 'vancouver provides a wide array of ramen shops within a 1 mile radius within the downtown area.', 'while on a business trip in toronto, i went in kenzo for a late night bite and ordered the tonkotsu ramen.', 'the noodles were cooked perfectly and the soup was steaming hot and had lots of death.', 'it was every bit as good as the vancouver ramen shops.', 'very impressed.']",6,230
999,Two Boxers Mobile Detailing,"Excellent!!!! He came to my place and detailed my Yamaha R1 an my dirty super moto husky.  He did such a great job. The kind of work I thought only I would do with my own bikes.  I usually do them but sometimes life gets busy. It's nice to know someone takes the time to do every little detail I do. 100% happy and will use and recommend him over and over :-) 
*A true ride so he 'gets it' ;-) thank you!","['excellent!!!!', 'he came to my place and detailed my yamaha r1 an my dirty super moto husky.', 'he did such a great job.', 'the kind of work i thought only i would do with my own bikes.', 'i usually do them but sometimes life gets busy.', ""it's nice to know someone takes the time to do every little detail i do."", ""100% happy and will use and recommend him over and over :-)  *a true ride so he 'gets it' ;-) thank you!""]",7,30
